
- 18 -
Posted: January 11, 1983 23:20
To:   txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   Press Release

Please type (WRS)PRESS.1 for a recent (sort of) press release.
-Bill

- 19 -
Posted: January 13, 1983 13:02
To:   Bill, Carl
From: MCH:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   PASSWORD

I had to commit to a delivery date:  Either Monday or Tues. of next
week.  COEES understands that are getting this with less than full testing
(I gave them a choice--early next week, with minimal testing or two weeks
later with solid testing.  They're nervous and want it sooner rather than
later.)								/Mike
- 20 -
Posted: January 13, 1983 13:57
To:   Lois
From: MCH:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   ARTSON Procedure

Please add an appropriate reminder to wherever you keep track of things to
do about Artson:  Because the office is in San Jose, when they call someone
like Bill or Darren or me, it's a toll call.  They make it a 3rd party call
so it shows up on our phone bills.  The calls had been billed to Carl's office
phone.  I asked Artson to change that today; the calls will be bulled to my
no. (x7219) in the future.  We need a reminder to ourselves to call Artson in
case either (1) I change my no. or (2) someone else becomes section manager.
							/Mike
- 22 -
Posted: January 14, 1983 09:14
To:   todd, darren, matoka, wrs
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele
Re:   XCONSULT Query on DSKCLN

Rick Daniels sent the following questions on DSKCLN:

NEED INFORMATION ABOUT THE FOLLOWING:

        A.  WHILE SYSTEM IS IN DSKCLN, WHAT DAMAGE (IF ANY) IS
            CAUSED IF A DRIVE IS HUNG; OR A DRIVE DROPS OFF-LINE?

        B.  IS IT BEST TO GET OUT OF DSKCLN AT THIS TIME, OR
            SHOULD DSKCLN BE ALLOWED TO CONTINUE TO RUN?

        C.  WHAT ARE THE HAZARDS OF MOVING THE PACK WITH I.D PLUG
            WHILE IN DSKCLN, OR POPPING THE I.D PLUG?

        D.  IS IT ADVISABLE TO MOVE A PACK WITH I.D. PLUG AT
            ANYTIME WHILE THE SYSTEM IS BEING ACCESSED?

Please let Adele and me know the correct answers to these questions (as well
as Rick).  Thank you.

- 29 -
Posted: January 21, 1983 13:00
To:   Ken
From: DWS:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   Peak for TOPS20

If Tymshare will take me to lunch, I'll gladly sit down and show you
what will have to be done to PEAK to get it up completely on TOPS20.
Any time this next week is o.k. with me.

Dave

- 30 -
Posted: January 23, 1983 20:27
To:   Txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   Version 4 SEND

Version 4 of SEND (now in SYS) fixes the bug causing files in excess of
512 characters from being included in the text of the message with the 
"@" command.  The file size is now limited to string space.  Also, this
version supports the following commands which may be typed any time while
entering text (thanks to Carl):

.To       specify who to send this message to
.Copy     specify who to send copies to
.Subject  specify the subject heading
.Reply    show that this is a reply message
.Erase    erase the current text and start over
.Review   print out the current text message
.Send     transmit the current message and continue
.Done     terminate the message and send it (^Z)
.Help     reprints this text
.Quit     terminate this message without sending it

-Bill

- 32 -
Posted: January 23, 1983 23:26
To:   Bill
From: MAILDEV:930
Sender: WRS:930
Re:   Version 4 RDMAIL

Version 4 of RDMAIL (now in SYS) includes the new command
   REDistribute <criteria> TO <name>
<name> may be ommited - user will be prompted for list.
<criteria> may be ommited - current selection prevails.
This message was redistributed.  Notice the Sender field
indicates who redistributed it (last).  The rest of the fields
remain unchanged from the original message (including date).
There is no oppertunity to add comments.

Forthcomming are the SEND, REPLY and FORWARD commands.  -Bill

- 33 -
Posted: January 24, 1983 11:09
To:   darren
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   todd, matoka, adele, mch
Re:   4 Meg Memory for 55

Jim called from Operations to say that they had installed a 4 meg memory
box on 55 over the weekend, and need the monitor patched.  (There has to
be a better way than the current way of hand fitting the monitor for the
4 meg memory).
Anyway, Darren, I told Jim you would call Operations and arrange for a 
time to patch it.
-Lois

- 34 -
Posted: January 24, 1983 14:58
To:   Bill
From: SDANIELS:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   (sailib)find => SPL

(1) Make sure you get at least version 13.
(2) put a privledged jump stub in SAILIB (for COESS types etc.)
[v 13 I think is the one with .ellipsis]
Otherwise, fine.

- 36 -
Posted: January 25, 1983 12:07
Date: January 25, 1983 11:24
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: HRD.SUP:EMSAA
Re:   ONTYME NAMES FOR MANAGER, SUPERVISORS, AND ABOVE
Keywords: A29600 

                   HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION - MEMORANDUM
                   *************************************

<T Y M S H A R E>

DATE>      25 JAN 83  11:22

TO>        ALL TYMSHARE MANAGERS

COPIES>    

FROM>      DENISE CORNELY - PERSONNEL

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THE SUPERVISOR, MANAGER, AND ABOVE LIST WILL BE 
AVAILABLE IN ABOUT 1 WEEK.  IT WOULD BE GREATLY APPRECIATED IF
YOU WOULD CHECK THE INFORMATION THAT PERTAINS TO YOU, IF IT IS
NOT RIGHT PLEASE ONTYME ME AT HRD.SUP WITH THE RIGHT INFO.
PSD AND BANKING WILL NOT BE ON THIS LIST BECAUSE THEY HAVE NOT BEEN
VALIDATED.  THEY WILL STILL HAVE TO BE IMS'D IF YOU NEED THEM.

THANK YOU,

DENISE CORNELY/HRD.SUP


- 37 -
Posted: January 26, 1983 10:01
To:   txs
From: TODD:930
Re:   Structures on 94

Current structures on 94 are:

MD: 2 unit Magnum development
MS: 2 unit Magnum sources
OSS: 2 unit OS and utilities
OSU: 1 unit sundry OSU hacking, but can be dismounted
SCR: 1 unit Scratch pack.  Unit will substitute for any that are disabled.}i

It is suggested that a minimal number of personal files be kept on PS:
You should access and connect to OSS: in your login.cmd file.
-Todd

- 38 -
Posted: January 26, 1983 10:02
To:   adele
From: TODD:930
Cc:   mch
Re:   OSS:

We need to get OSS: dumped to tape.  Virgil has agreed to take the tape
to Fremont and load it onto 94.  Thanks,  Todd.

- 39 -
Posted: January 26, 1983 10:31
To:   Adele
From: MCH:930
Re:   Sys 94

1.  Let's expedite getting needed files onto the non-obsolete KL.
2.  We need to check with Todd to find out how many ports are
    currently available on that System.  If there are only 16,
    there's going to be a shortage until TYMSRV is up and working.
    (And, sigh, Stan will have to have priority on them--if all
     16 are in use, the section will get 3 or 4.)
3.  It might not hurt to check with Stan:  If we can help him get the
    T20 MAGNUM files to :94, we can start using :84 that much sooner.

- 42 -
Posted: January 30, 1983 19:01
Date: January 28, 1983 21:30
To:   TXS.SUP (WRS:930)
From: INSDVEND.DECMAIL:EMSAA
Sender: WRS:930
Keywords: A35085 

FOR YOUR INFORMATION:

LESLIE GROSS, DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION ACCOUNT MANAGER
FOR TYMSHARE/TYMNET HAS AN ACCOUNT ON ONTYME.  
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO SEND A MESSAGE TO HER, HER ACCOUNT IS
INSDVEND.DECMAIL .
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO CONTACT HER BY PHONE, HER DIRECT DIAL
NUMBER IS (408)748-4966.


- 43 -
Posted: January 30, 1983 19:03
Date: January 28, 1983 15:16
To:   TXS.B/SOLEY (WRS:930)
From: TCMS.J/BENNETT:EMSAA
Sender: WRS:930
Keywords: A35330 

 I work with Ron Saltgaver's group and I have a question concerning TYMCOM-XX
software.  Is there a list somewhere that gives the files that make up the
standard software package on the XX's?  if you know of one, could you let me
know where it is so I can get a copy.  My ID is TCMS.J/BENNETT.

Sincerely,
 
Jim Bennett
Ext. 7777


- 1 -
Posted: February 14, 1983 22:01
To:   Todd, Adele, Mike
From: WRS:930
Re:   COEES INIT2.SAI

In order to improve the reliability of the program, it would be necessary to
change the necessary access rights for the .FOCON {_frmop.  It is
not clear this is a desirable thing to do.  Currently, it attaches the
port after stuffing "CONT<cr>" in the input buffer.  Yes, its gross, but
with the half implemented framing system, its the best we can do without
monitor work.  -Bill

- 2 -
Posted: February 14, 1983 22:02
To:   Todd, Adele, Mike
From: WRS:930
Re:   COEES INIT2.SAI

Actually, I suppose we could give the program WC license.  -Bill

- 5 -
Posted: January 1, 1964 00:00
Date: February 16, 1983 16:38
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: IOD.BEDELL:EMSAA
Re:   STATPAK SOURCE CODE (TYMCOM IX BATCH FORTRAN)
Keywords: A59769 

           Tymshare International Division        IOD.HQ    Cupertino   VG1-A01

                                                  Tel. [-1] (408) 446-7846

DATE>      16 FEB 83  16:13                       Telex 334489

TO>        ADELE NEWMAN (TXS.A/NEWMAN)

COPIES>    P. HAAS (IOD.HQ)
           M. HINCKLEY (TXS.M/HINCKLEY)
           E. JAY (CT.TECHSERV)
           R. KALOCSAI (CT.BANK)

FROM>      KEN BE DELL (IOD.HQ)

------------------------------------------------------------------

ADELE, I HAVE JUST GONE THROUGH SOME OF MY PENDING ITEMS FOR
CEGI TYMSHARE FRANCE AND FIND THE ISSUE REGARDING STATPAK.

MY LAST DISCUSSION WITH YOU WAS DURING MID DECEMBER AND YOU 
STATED YOU WOULD ATTEMPT TO FIND THE "SOURCE CODE FOR THE TYMCOM IX
BATCH FORTRAN".  YOU HAD STATED THEY DID NOT RESIDE ON G2CONVERT:9,
PRIMARILY BECAUSE THIS USER DOES NOT EXIST ON HOST 9.

HAVE YOU BEEN ABLE TO GATHER ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SINCE
DECEMBER?

I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR RESPONSE.  REGARDS. KEN


- 6 -
Posted: February 20, 1983 00:04
Date: February 18, 1983 09:05
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: IOD.BEDELL:EMSAA
Keywords: A62334 

  CC: M/HINCKLEY  A/NEWMAN  IOD .HQ 

TO: ADELE NEWMAN   COPY: MIKE HINCKLEY   FROM: KEN BE DELL

RECEIVED YOUR MESSAGE OF YESTERDAY EVENING REGARDING STAPAK (IX) FILES
LOCATED ON HOST 9.  I'LL COMMUNICATE WITH CT FRANCE AND LET YOU
KNOW IF WE HAVE FURTHER QUESTIONS.  REGARDS. KEN BE DELL


- 7 -
Posted: February 20, 1983 00:04
Date: February 18, 1983 10:05
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: IOD.HAAS:EMSAA
Re:   PERP Availability for XX's  --  Possible Host Discrepancies 
Keywords: A62478 

  CC: A/NEWMAN  C/BALTRUNAS  M/HINCKLEY  CT .TECHSERV  IOD .HQ 
      IOD .HQ 

           Tymshare International Division        IOD.HQ    Cupertino   VG1-A01

                                                  Tel. [-1] (408) 446-7846

DATE>      18 FEB 83  10:00                       Telex 334489

TO>        Adele Newman (TXS.A/NEWMAN)

COPIES>    C.Baltrunas (TXS.C/BALTRUNAS)
           M.Hinckley (TXS.M/HINCKLEY)
           P.Stratman (CT.TECHSERV)
           K.BeDell (IOD.HQ)

FROM>      Peter Haas (IOD.HQ)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Adele -

Thank you for the copy of Software Transmittal Form 07671, which designates
which Perp System to use (Perp versions from 7.26, Defer versions from 1.26).

It shows as execution location:

  "all PDP-10's & also system # 180, 174"  [sic]

The XX hosts installed at CEGI-Tymshare are numbered 

  59    (node 625)
 170    (node  64)
 184    (node 751)
 264    (node 213)
1292    (node 370)

which means that you possibly meant to install PERP.SYS (checksum NOFGAS)
on 170 and 184, not on 180 and 174.

Please let me know whether this error is only apparent or real.

Thank you,

                                                                Page  2

- Peter Haas (IOD.HQ)  tel. -7162


- 8 -
Posted: February 21, 1983 03:41
To:   Txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   EMSAA

EMSAA forwarding service (in both directions) will be temporarily
unavailable until I convince certain persons that it is not up to
the originating host to echo characters.  -Bill

- 10 -
Posted: February 22, 1983 10:33
To:   TSU, Greg
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Mike
Re:   TSU meeting

The unit meeting will be held tomorrow (Wednesday) at 3 PM in room J instead
of today.  I'm fighting off a cold and may need to sack out for a while.
--Adele

- 11 -
Posted: February 22, 1983 12:14
To:   Ken, Adele
From: MCH:930
Re:   PEAK Meeting with Dick

I just checked with Dick:  He'll probably be available about 4PM tomorrow.
- 12 -
Posted: February 22, 1983 18:22
To:   Adele
From: MCH:930
Re:   BIONIC Yucckiness

I got a call from Kevin Gardner in INSD.  NTD is apparently supposed to
be making some changes soon that will affect VS2780/3780.  Since BIONIC
is used by many of our customers to access this feature, it MIGHT require
changes.  Kevin is working on setting up a meeting with key players in
NTD, STD, and (sigh!) DBSD.  You'll probably be getting a memo from Kevin.
I suppose that you and I will need to go to the meeting.  (You could handle
it by yourself, but you deserve at least some moral support if BIONIC
should have to be messed with.)		/Mike
- 15 -
Posted: February 23, 1983 09:47
To:   Adele, Mike
From: DWS:930
Re:   Stanford Colloquia postings

We get a weekly listing of C.S. colloquia from stanford via netmail.
If you're interested, I could re-mail copies to you.

- Dave

- 18 -
Posted: February 28, 1983 09:03
To:   TSU
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Mike
Re:   VAX project in MTS

A project for VAX startup work should appear on the time sheets for this
week.  This is the place to report any time spent getting acquainted with
the VAX.		/Thanks, Adele

- 19 -
Posted: February 28, 1983 10:32
To:   Zonnie, Adele
From: MCH:930
Re:   Pascal

Sounds like we need to spend some time talking about the Pascal compiler.
I'm supposed to hear from Dmitry sometime today about whether or not he
will accept the consulting contract (he had to check with a couple of
other companies he's consulting for first).  I talked with Jack Orlove
on Friday.  He now knows that we need a Legal Dept. decision about what
to do (or not do) about the lack of a completed contract with MDSI.  

Somewhere (most likely on Dmitry's documentation directory) there's a
description of the design he did for an improved syntax err recovery
mechanism.  It almost surely WON'T be in Scribe format.

Let's at least get the meeting scheduled today.             /Mike
- 23 -
Posted: March 7, 1983 11:25
To:   carl, adele
From: LOIS:930
Re:   New SPOOL commands

Present help message in SPOOL reads

LOCATION  - FOR SETTING THE ABSOLUTE PRINTER LOCATION
NODE      - FOR SETTING THE ABSOLUTE NODE

How about "EFFECTIVE" for "ABSOLUTE"?  Or can someone think of something
better before release?

Otherwise things are about ready for SPOOL transmittal.
-Lois

- 24 -
Posted: March 7, 1983 11:40
To:   mch
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele
Re:   Tymnet classes

There is no charge back for Tymnet classes
-Lois

- 1 -
Posted: March 7, 1983 17:40
To:   Carl, Adele, Lois
From: MCH:930
Cc:   MCH
Re:   LOC and NODE Help Messages in SPOOL

Possibilities might be something like:

LOCATION - USED TO OVERRIDE THE DEFAULT PRINTER LOCATION
NODE     - USED TO OVERRIDE THE DEFAULT NODE FOR SELECTION OF PRINTER LOCATION

					/Mike
- 2 -
Posted: March 14, 1983 14:16
Date: March 14, 1983 14:12
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: TXS.WRS:930
Re:   EMSAA.server fixed!
Keywords: A91702 

Well, it would appear that EMSAA.SERVER is once again doing its thing, thanks
to a few small hacks.  Please report any problems to me.  Also, if you do
not get this message, please let me know.  Remember that you must have exactly
one address in the TO field when sending a message to be forwarded.  Also
remember that EMSAA addresses appearing in the CC field are not noticed (and
thus ignored).  And lastly, don't forget to keep (EMSAA.SERVER)EMSAA.CTL up
to date with your current name/password.

-Bill


- 3 -
Posted: March 14, 1983 18:07
Date: March 14, 1983 17:29
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: INSD.HSSMAIL:EMSAA
Re:   LISTED ABOVE WERE THE RESPONSIBILITY
Keywords: A92083 

                  INFORMATION NETWORK SERVICES DIVISION

                            M E M O R A N D U M

DATE>      14 MAR 83  17:24                           []  TYMSHARE

TO>        RON SALTGAVER
           JIM BENNETT
           ADELE NEWMAN
           LYNNE EDWARDS

COPIES>    

FROM>      EDIE ADAMS (INSD.HSSMAIL)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

WE HAVE SCHEDULED A SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION MEETING FOR 
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, AT 10:00. IT WILL BE HELD IN THE 
BUILDING "B" CONFERENCE ROOM ON BUBB RD. WE WILL BE 

      * CREATION OF SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION TAPES FOR
        DEC 20/20 CUSTOMERS (PROCEDURE, FREQUENCY,
        FINAL TESTING, ETC.)

      * HOW NEW SOFTWARE RELEASES ARE DISTRIBUTED
        AND IMPLEMENTED

      * A PROPOSED METHOD TO IMPROVE THE CONTROL AND
        20/20 SOFTWARE RELEASES

      * WHAT TYPE OF FOLLOW-UP SHOULD BE PROVIDED
        AT THE BRANCH LEVEL AND AT THE CUSTOMER
        SITES FOLLOWING THE INSTALLATION OF THE
        NEW SOFTWARE

OF GARY WOLF AND BEN RUSSELL PRIOR TO THEIR LEAVING. WE HAVE
BEEN "VOLUNTEERED" TO TAKE OVER THIS OPERATION FOR OUR 20/20
CUSTOMERS. 

PLEASE ATTEND THIS MEETING; WE WOULD GREATLY APPRECIATE YOUR
IDEAS AND SUGGESTIONS ON THIS.

THANK YOU,

EDIE ADAMS/HARDWARE SYSTEMS  SUPPORT
EXT. 8139


- 4 -
Posted: March 15, 1983 11:39
To:   carl
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele, mch
Re:   SPOOL 6.3

Chicago had a lot of post office requests that needed printing ASAP, and
their usual printer was down.  They couldn't print them on their backup
printer as it came in over another node.  I provided them with a copy of
SPOOL 6.3, and it worked beautifully.  They are happy, customer is not
unhappy--and SPOOL was a success.
-Lois

- 5 -
Posted: March 15, 1983 16:08
To:   Lois
From: CARL:930
Cc:   Adele, Mike
Re:   SPOOL 6.3

I'm glad that my changes to SPOOL actually "HELPED" someone to
please a customer.  It's a perfect example of how a "new" addition
to an old product can make it much more effective as a tool, even
if the idea was "unsolicited" (as it was in this case).
/Carl.

- 6 -
Posted: March 16, 1983 00:13
To:   Mike
From: WRS:930
Cc:   Adele, Todd
Re:   (COEES2506:26)INIT2X.SAI and associated monitor changes

Well, my stomach just wouldn't let me hack the access rights for .ARCON,
even though it would have only taken about 30 seconds to do.  After
thinking about it, I decided that it really belonged as a special
case access right.  So that it now is.  The only time you can
continue a frame that you don't have write access to is when you
are attaching a port to it.  It is still not allowed in other cases.

The change to INIT2.SAI becomes a trivial removal of code to force the
CONT command and the addition of an argument to the ATTACH uuo.  These
changes have been made and exist in (COEES2506:26)INIT2X.SAI.  When the
new monitor is moved to 26, they will want to rename INIT2X.SAI as INIT2
and compile and test it before making it public.

For further details on the monitor changes, see P034.MEM.

-Bill

- 7 -
Posted: March 16, 1983 01:20
To:   Todd
From: WRS:930
Cc:   Mike, Adele
Re:   /L01 ??

Well, /L01 stuff for ATTACH, RETACH for COEES works okay on 930.  What's
the plan about version numbers?  Will we keep on with /L## until /L is
fully operational and then release it as /M?  -Bill

- 8 -
Posted: March 21, 1983 18:48
To:   Adele, Vivian
From: MCH:930
Re:   DUSAGE

Whee!  COEES is finally beginning to use it.  Angela said today that they
like it.  /Mike
- 9 -
Posted: March 23, 1983 20:06
Date: March 23, 1983 19:09
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: TXS.M/HINCKLEY:EMSAA
Keywords: A04962 

Adele,

I sent the following ONTYME to Doren Perruccio re SYSTAT or Otis:

Doren,

As per your request for a summary of today's phone call:

1.  My section will provide Otis with a program that will allow an authorized
    user to set SYSTAT licence on their job.

2.  The program will include the following checks:
    a.  Otis GAN
    b.  Account Supervisor status
    c.  Otis' system number and
    d.  it will also ask for a password.

3.  We will deliver within 2-3 weeks (sooner if possible).  

                                               /M. Hinckley, Manager
                                                Systems Development Section


- 10 -
Posted: March 24, 1983 12:24
To:   Adele
From: MCH:930
Re:   Assignment of "SY for Otis" to Lois

Good.  She seems like the best choice.  /Mike
- 11 -
Posted: March 25, 1983 11:32
To:   Adele
From: WRS:930
Re:   TVEDIT

I notice you have been using TVEDIT quite a bit lately.  Scott and
I have decided its long past time to dispose of it.  Do you have any
problem with this?  -Bill

- 12 -
Posted: March 25, 1983 13:23
To:   Adele
From: WRS:930
Re:   TVEDIT to disappear May 1 1983

How's that?
-Bill

- 13 -
Posted: March 26, 1983 12:00
To:   Tym.DEU:emsaa
From: WRS:930
Cc:   Mike, Adele, Lois
Re:   P034/L on C39 with 190 net ports 128 jobs

P034/L is now running on 39.  Operations has been asked to move it
to SYSTEM.SAV.  It is configured for 128 jobs and 190 network ports.
It seems to run fine, but the real test will come with a full load on
Monday.  For fear of running out of freecore, I patched it to the value
I found on the old 39 monitor less the calculated space taken by the
new LDB's and DDB's.  This makes it aabout 64 pages which may give us
some problems if people start opening many files.
-Bill

- 14 -
Posted: March 27, 1983 17:52
To:   txs
From: CARL:930
Re:   (SPL)FINDIT.SAV

There is a "new" version of FNDFIL called FINDIT.  In addition to the
stuff FNDFIL used to print, FINDIT also prints file size and protection.

It accepts file specs separated by commas, single wildchar of ? and #,
wild remainder of field using *, usernames "or" PPNs, wildcard ? in PPNs
and maybe one day switches.

It is "as fast" as FNDFIL when searching the entire disk, and much
faster when specific directories or ppn wildcards are used.

If no username or ppn is specified, the default is the entire disk!
/Carl.

- 15 -
Posted: March 28, 1983 14:32
To:   TSU
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Mike
Re:   new MTS project

I have decided to put in a new MTS project for general technical work which
is done primarily at the request of groups outside the division.  Right now
its name is TSU External Technical -- any suggestions will be appreciated
for a better name.  It has a start date of 4/2/83 and will appear on time
sheets for next week.

--Adele

- 16 -
Posted: March 30, 1983 00:32
To:   txs
From: CARL:930
Re:   PCOM 1.60 Field Test

PCOM version 1.60 is back up on (SYS:930) for testing.  This version
fixes the truncated log files, and stranded jobs running LOGOUT.  New
features include usernames printed with file specs, /LICENSE (since
version 1.54) and /WATCH.  Please report any problems, complaints or
bugs to CARL.

- 1 -
Posted: January 1, 1964 00:00
Date: March 31, 1983 07:20
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: INSD.D/PERRUCCIO:EMSAA
Keywords: A14672 

ADELE,

I TRYED TO RUN THE SYENA SYSTAT PROGRAM ON OTISIFRC.  I GOT THE
MESSAGE 'NOT CORRECT GAN' .

DOREN


- 2 -
Posted: April 2, 1983 05:19
To:   txs
From: CARL:930
Re:   Moving programs to SPL (where they belong)

When moving programs from various directories into SPL and replacing
said same programs with something which says "XXXXXX has been moved to
directory SPL", please use the prototype program (MPL)MPLSPL.SAV
instead of writing your own.  This is exactly what this program was
written for.  You need not do anything except say:

   .Get (MPL)MPLSPL
   .Save (????)XXXXXX

and whenever anyone runs the program XXXXXX from directory (????) the
program will print a reminder message and then run the proper program
from SPL, at the same starting address (CCL or normal).  The message
looks like:

   >XXXXXX has been moved to directory (SPL),
   >please use R (SPL)XXXXXX in the future.

Remember to set the proper protection, on both the NEW program in
SPL, and the replaced version of the program on the old directory.
After people get used to running the program from SPL, the old
program can be deleted at leisure.

/Carl.

- 3 -
Posted: April 5, 1983 07:01
Date: April 5, 1983 06:10
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: INSD.D/PERRUCCIO:EMSAA
Keywords: A19944 

ADELE,

I TESTED THE SYENA PROGRAM AND IT RUNS VERY WELL. THANKYOU FOR YOUR HELP.
 
DOREN


- 4 -
Posted: April 7, 1983 21:19
Date: April 7, 1983 10:32
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: INSD.D/PERRUCCIO:EMSAA
Keywords: A24354 

ADELE,
 
THE SYENA IS WORKING VERY WELL, I DO NOT AT THIS TIME HAVE ANYTHING ELSE
FOR YOU ON IT. THANKYOU FOR YOUR HELP.
 
DOREN


- 5 -
Posted: April 8, 1983 03:16
To:   ct.techserv:emsaa
From: CARL:930
Cc:   carl
Re:   SPOOL Problems

Tymshare - Cupertino                         TXS.C/BALTRUNAS
83-04-08  03:00 PST

To>   Peter Stratman,   CT.TECHSERV
From> Carl Baltrunas,   TXS.C/BALTRUNAS

Re>   SPOOL problems (additional info)

--------------------------------------------

Peter,
   In regards to the CENTER address for the CEGI XX's:  This is a
completely different problem than simply an incorrect address in
a data file.  As I mentioned in my last message to you, the CENTER
address is keyed from a table of CENTER addresses "built-in" the
SPOOL program itself.  System P59, P170, P264, .. etc., all begin
with the letter "P" which is coded to mean printer location 7, for
SLIGOS.  To change this, we will have to change the internal table
in SPOOL and possibly the monitor names of your hosts.

  At present, I am researching the appropriate prefix letter for
your center machines.  The new prefix will probably be "S", unless
there is some conflict or objection from CEGI.  Thus, system P59
will become S59.  SPOOL will then be changed to reflect systems with
the "S" prefix to have printer location 64, located at the ST-CLOUD
address for CEGI-Tymshare.

  This new PREFIX is not definate yet, but I would appreciate you to
check with your staff to determine if this will cause any grave
problems or inconveniences to other software now running at CEGI.

--------------------------------------------

Thank you for the information about hardware configurations and the
intended use of SPOOL at CEGI.  I would also like you to send me a
complete description of the problems you have been experiencing with
attempting to use your REMOTE printer from the 2020's.

                              Best regards,

                              Carl.


- 6 -
Posted: April 8, 1983 09:18
Date: April 8, 1983 08:06
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: CT.TECHSERV:EMSAA
Re:   Perp   availability  for  xx's  -  Installation
Keywords: A25649 

 
 
 
 
 
 
                       M E M O R A N D U M
 
  Cegi - Tymshare                         CT.TECHSERV St.Cloud
 
  83-04-08 15:53                            [33] (1) 602.7012
 
  To>        Peter Haas (iod.hq)
 
  Copies>    A. Newman (txs.a/newman)
             C. Baltrunas (txs.c/baltrunas)
             K. BeDell (iod.hq)
 
  From>      P. Stratman (CT.TECHSERV)
 
 
             problems.
             ref. 47.PERPXX
 
    --------------------------------------------------------
 
     Peter,
 
     I  would  like  to  have  some information concerning the
  installation of PERP and DEFER on systems 170 & 184.
 
     When  checking  on  these two systems, I have noticed the
  installation of system file PERP.SYS.
 
     Since I have not heard from you concerning this matter, I
  have attempted to complete the installation in the following
  way :
 
     -   Installation   of   SYS:PERP.SAV   with  licence  AC,
     protection RUN RUN RUN.
     - Validation of PERPOPER
 
     The result is :
 
     - PERP jobs may be entered without any problems.
     - Execution is attempted at date and time specified.
     - Execution ALWAYS fails, with message :
     YOUR JOB "jobname" SUBMITTED TO "PERP"
     HAS BEEN DELETED --
     TROUBLE IN LINE 1.
 
     Questions :
 
 
 
 
 
   Perp availability for xx's - Installation problems
                                                        Page 1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     1.Have  I  been wrong to assume that the installation was
     to be completed by us after your installation of PERP.SYS
     ?
 
     If  not,  then  :  2.Do  other  things have to be done in
     order to complete the installation ?
 
     If so, then : 2b.When will PERP be installed then ?
 
     I   would   much   appreciate  a  prompt  reply,  as  the
     installation has been announced to some customers.
 
     Best Regards, Peter.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Perp availability for xx's - Installation problems
                                                        Page 2
 
 
 
 
 
 


- 7 -
Posted: April 11, 1983 11:06
Date: April 11, 1983 10:33
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: HRD.SUP:EMSAA
Re:   MICRO ENGINE
Keywords: A28018 

TO:  DISTRIBUTION

FR:  ZORAN SIMIC

TYMSHARE MANUFACTURING DIVISION IS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE THE PRODUCTION
RELEASE OF THE MICRO ENGINE.  MICRO ENGINE CONFIGURATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

                  1/2                  MEG OF MEMORY
                   8                   SYNC PORTS
                  16                   ASYNC PORTS

                  OR

                  1/4                  MEG OF MEMORY
                   4                   SYNC PORTS
                  16                   ASYNC PORTS

BOTH VERSIONS ARE AVAILABLE AT 110V AND 220V.

THE BUILD SCHEDULE FOR THE MICRO IS AT 22 UNITS PER MONTH.  DELIVERY
IS AT 30 DAYS ARO.


- 8 -
Posted: April 12, 1983 15:10
Date: April 12, 1983 14:53
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: PUBS.SUP:EMSAA
Re:   TYMSHARE TODAY
Keywords: A30336 

          C O R P O R A T E    C O M M U N I C A T I O N S

                         M E M O R A N D U M

DATE>      12 APR 83  07:01

TO>        ALL TYMSHARE MANAGERS

COPIES>    

FROM>      SAUNDRA HAYN SCHAULIS
            EDITOR

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

TODAY'S THE DAY!

TYMSHARE TODAY -- THE SPRING ISSUE -- A GORGEOUS 32-PAGES, IS HOT OFF
THE PRESS AND READY TO BE USED.

THIS ISSUE FEATURES "A CLOSER LOOK AT TYMSHARE'S TECHNOLOGIES" WITH AN
INTRODUCTION BY TOM O'ROURKE.  WE FOCUS ON TYMNET, MICROBAND, URBANET, THE
BARN, TNSC, THE FTCC VENTURE....AND MORE.

THERE'S A MITS STORY, ARCO USING OUR FINANCIAL SYSTEM FOR LONG RANGE
PLANNING AND ONE ABOUT SNAP-ON TOOLS THAT MAKES NUMBER CRUNCHING OBSOLETE.

TELECHECK, OPAS, CPA, UNITAX--STORIES ABOUT THESE AND A BRAND NEW
CARTOON FEATURE--ARE ALSO PARTS OF THIS LANDMARK ISSUE.

MAIL YOUR TYMSHARE PUBLICATION ORDER FORM TO JANE PERRY, CORPORATE COMMUNI-
CATIONS. SPECIFY:  TYMSHARE TODAY, NUMBER 6 (642).
TYMSHARE TODAY COMES IN PACKAGES OF 25.  THINK AHEAD AND ORDER ENOUGH--
YOU'LL BE USING THIS LANDMARK ISSUE FOR MONTHS TO COME TO SHOW YOUR
CURRENT AND FUTURE CUSTOMERS WHAT TYMSHARE DOES TO PUT TOGETHER INFORMATION
INTERCHANGE AND COMMUNICATIONS.

CHEERS!
                                                                Page  2


- 9 -
Posted: April 15, 1983 14:32
Date: April 15, 1983 00:31
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: CT.TECHSERV:EMSAA
Keywords: A34019 

83-04-15 10:15
 
TO:Peter Haas (iod.hq)
 
CC:A. Newman (txs.a/newman)
   C. Baltrunas (txs.c/baltrunas)
   K. BeDell (iod.hq)
 
FR:P. Stratman (ct.techserv)
 
SU: Perp Installation Problems on Hosts 170 & 184.
 
Peter, I have not received a reply to my memorandum A25649. Could
you please try to get some answers to my questions by
Monday, April 18th. ?
 
Thank you, Peter.


- 10 -
Posted: April 15, 1983 20:02
Date: April 15, 1983 19:46
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: IOD.HAAS:EMSAA
Re:   DEFER & PERP Usage on Hosts 170 & 184
Keywords: A35450 

  CC: CT .TECHSERV  A/NEWMAN  C/BALTRUNAS  M/HINCKLEY  IOD .HQ 
      IOD .HQ 

            Tymshare International Division        IOD.HQ   Cupertino   VG1-A01
 
                                                   Tel. [-1] (408) 446-7162
 
DATE>       1983-04-15  19:36                      Telex 334489
 
TO>         Peter Stratman (CT.TECHSERV)
 
COPIES>     Adele Newman (TXS.A/NEWMAN)
            Carl Baltrunas (TXS.C/BALTRUNAS)
            Mike Hinckley (TXS.M/HINCKLEY)
            Ken BeDell (IOD.HQ)
 
FROM>       Peter Haas (IOD.HQ)
 
 
REFERENCE>  A25649 of 1983-04-08 from CT.TECHSERV
            A34019 of 1983-04-15 from CT.TECHSERV
 
 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 
 
    Peter -
 
    Mike Hinckley has already repaired what was needed for you to phys-
    ically run both DEFER and PERP.
 
    What is not, and will not, work correctly is session accounting as
    regards prime and non-prime time.  The scheduler for 170 and 184 had to
    be for technical reasons installed on C3, which runs according to a
    California (PST/PDT) schedule.  That means that all jobs will be
    executed correctly according to local (e.g. CET/CEST) time, but the
    accounting which will be generated for billing purposes will always tag
    the jobs as prime or non-prime according to Pacific Time.
 
    There is no remedy for this.  Please let any customers who question
    their monthly bill that they can only save money by adjusting their
    scheduling to PST/PDT.  Actually, what will happen is that customers
    will enjoy lower prices by running jobs anytime before 15h00 or 16h00,
    CET/CEST (Paris time), depending on the time of year.  For that reason,
    from a sales standpoint, you don't want to encourage DEFER jobs as much
    as you might PERP jobs.
 
    There's also no way to change the French price list so that prime and
    non-prime time prices are equivalent, just for these two hosts.  The
    change would then apply to all 940/X usage on any host.
 
 

 
DEFER & PERP Usage on Hosts 170 & 184                                    Page 2
 
 
 
    Best regards,
 
    Peter Haas (IOD.HQ)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


- 11 -
Posted: April 20, 1983 03:01
Date: April 20, 1983 02:44
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: CT.TECHSERV:EMSAA
Re:   DEFER & PERP on hosts 170 & 184.
Keywords: A39604 

 
 
 
 
 
 
                       M E M O R A N D U M
 
  Cegi - Tymshare                         CT.TECHSERV St.Cloud
 
  83-04-19 16:58                            [33] (1) 602.7012
 
  To>         Mike Hinckley (txs.m/hinckley)
 
  Copies>     Peter Haas (iod.hq)
              Adele Newman (txs.a/newman)
              Carl Baltrunas (txs.c/baltrunas)
              Ken BeDell (iod.hq)
 
  From>       P. Stratman (CT.TECHSERV)
 
 
 
  REFERENCE>  A35450 of 83-04-16
 
 
    --------------------------------------------------------
 
     I  have  received  a  memo from Peter Haas (IOD) stating
  that  PERP  on systems 170 and 184 should now be functioning
  correctly.
 
     In fact, the problem I reported still exists, and :
 
 
  YOUR JOB "jobname" SUBMITTED TO "PERP"
  HAS BEEN DELETED --
  TROUBLE IN LINE 1.
 
 
  is  still  sent  after  each  attempted  execution ( using a
  perfectly correct command file ).
 
     Could  you  please check this out ? If you need any help,
  (access, licence, etc.) do not hesitate to contact me.
 
     Thank you, and best regards,
 
     Peter Stratman.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   DEFER & PERP on hosts 170 & 184.                     Page 1
 


- 12 -
Posted: April 20, 1983 10:27
To:   Adele, Carl
From: MCH:930
Re:   CEGI PERP Problem

I'll take a look at it later today (neither 170 nor 184 seem to be
up at the moment.)  /Mike
- 13 -
Posted: April 20, 1983 19:32
To:   Adele, Lois
From: MCH:930
Re:   CSCAN

I got an urgent request from Angela yesterday to install it on (UEMUPL)
on all 3 COEES systems (26, 29, 36).  Seems that Bill Stiles (among several
others) really likes it (he's perhaps the key manager at COEES relative
to Tymshare) and wanted to have some reports ready for his boss today.
So I put it up.  Meant to tell you yesterday.

It took a long time to get them started with it, but once the right
people learned that it was there it has been very well received.

Good job, well done.  /Mike
- 14 -
Posted: April 22, 1983 00:50
To:   txs
From: KEN:930
Cc:   tjb
Re:   (Spl)Copy Version 14.1

Friends,

(Spl) has a new version of Copy (V14.1), which avoids revealing a blemish
in Telecopy's behavior (impossible, you say?).  It seems that Telecopy
loses its grip when spaces are placed in front of system numbers in file
specifications (eg. "(Milktoast: 36)Fizzle.Out"); It becomes catatonic.
Copy removes all whitespace from the system specification list, and
spares us all the embarrassment of watching software die.

So there.

/Ken
- 15 -
Posted: April 22, 1983 16:05
Date: April 22, 1983 15:37
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: IOD.HAAS:EMSAA
Re:   Full-Screen (VDU) PDP-X Editors
Keywords: A44311 

  CC: INSD .R/LYNN  L/LINDLEY  M/HINCKLEY  A/NEWMAN  IOD .HQ 

           Tymshare International Division        IOD.HQ   Cupertino   VG1-A01
 
                                                  Tel. [-1] (408) 446-7162
 
DATE>      1983-04-22  15:14                      Telex 334489
 
TO>        Peter Warn (TNS.PWARN)
 
COPIES>    Anne Green (TUK.BRENTFORD)   Peter Stratman (CT.TECHSERV)
           Keith Roberts (TUK.LONDON)   Martine Dieudonn'e (TNS.MD)
           Aki Saeki (KTL.TOKYO)        Bob Barbour (IOD.HQ)
           Kuniyoshi Kamoi (KTL.TOKYO)  Ken BeDell (IOD.HQ)
           Rudi M"uller (TT.TM)          Dominique Marchand (TYM.EUROPS)
           Albert Handelmann (TT.EM)    Yves Marceau (SLI.TECHMAIL)
           Jasmijn Verhoeven (CT.AMSTERDAM)  Greg Marus (IOD.HQ)
           Karl Lorenz (CT.TE)          Fabienne Heathcote (IOD.HQ)
           John Lowry (TUK.BRENTFORD)   Ed Imsland (INSD.TECHMKTMAIL)
           Rich Lynn (INSD.R/LYNN)      Lois Lindley (TXS.L/LINDLEY)
           Mike Hinckley (TXS.M/HINCKLEY)    Adele Newman (TXS.A/NEWMAN)
 
FROM>      Peter Haas (IOD.HQ)
 
            or:  The Three Reluctant Bears
 
REFERENCE> A25459 from TUK.BRENTFORD on 04-08
 
 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 
 
    Peter -
 
    Anne asked me about various PDP-X text processors (partly on your
    behalf) and I'd like to let you know the score on the various products
    available.
 
    RUNOFF     is a very old product and rather primitive.
 
    VUE   appears to be widely used at Tymshare, but could cause legal
              problems if used by paying clients.
 
    PEAK  is a new product employing full-screen editor capabilities, suit-
              able for internal and client use both.
 
    The problem with all of these packages is:  they're not supported !
    The RUNOFF is not supported because of its advanced age and lack of
    flexibility.  It would be stupid to actively support VUE because of the
    possible legal trouble.  But, like the fable of Goldilocks, there is
    one final bowl of porridge, which is neither petrified nor poisoned --
    however, PEAK is not quite ready to be served yet, either.
 
 

 
Full-Screen (VDU) PDP-X Editors                                          Page 2
 or:  The Three Reluctant Bears
 
 
    Actually, PEAK isn't yet supported because the PDP-X development group
    doesn't yet have the manpower to give adequate customer
    support/documentation.
 
    However, if you're adventuresome, you might want to try the following
    on any of the following hosts which have an L monitor: 35, 39, 57:
 
         -PEAK (SYSNEWS)PEAK.TUT
 
    to obtain a VDU tutorial.  Don't use a hard-copy terminal with PEAK --
    you'll only get rubbish.
 
    Shortly I shall be sending all affiliate technical managers photocopies
    of information provided to me by Lois Lindley.
 
 
    Best regards,
 
    - Peter (IOD.HQ)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


- 16 -
Posted: April 23, 1983 18:57
To:   Carl
From: WRS:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   WHEN

I'd like to put a version of WHEN in (MPL) or (SPL).  Do you feel comfortable
putting your version there?  If you're busy, I can do it.  -Bill

- 19 -
Posted: April 27, 1983 15:12
To:   Vivian
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   DUMPER DB

Sorry about the duplicate copy of this . . .
Here is the checklist that we discussed:
(1) The schema:
	dump.type could be a single integer value '1N'
	check maximum file name and directory name sizes
	versn also could be stored numerically for space reasons; check its
	   maximum size also.
(2) in general:
	comment for each field of the schema
	comments in the source, particularly in dumpfile
    (in particular, it is appropriate to define the proper values for each
	field, such as what the "*" in tape.flag means)
(3) A useful addition to findfile would be to allow a search in which user
    enters the file name only and no directory name.  It could find all files
    of that name in any directory.
(4) Check handling of dumper files which were involved in a crash.
(5) Update user documentation including "findfile" procedure.

- 20 -
Posted: April 27, 1983 16:58
To:   adele, mch
From: LOIS:930
Re:   phones for move

Becky Moll gave me the following information regarding the move of our
telephones:

A telephone request form needs to be filled out ASAP as they need two
weeks for a large move.

All phones should be listed giving KS number, Station letter, and all
lines, plus name of person to whom phone is assigned.  Cost code (of
course) goes on the form.  A map showing present location and new location
would be very helpful.

The move will be written up for May 13, but Becky felt the actual move
of the phones themselves could be done over the weekend.

All our phones are key sets at present.  Paul also has a key set (which
still has 6709 and 6712 on it), and Scott's old phone does not have a
key set.

Do you want me (perhaps with Scott's assistance) to gather the
appropriate information?

- 21 -
Posted: April 27, 1983 19:05
Date: April 25, 1983 08:55
To:   TXS.A/NEWMAN (ADELE:930)
From: IOD.HAAS:EMSAA
Re:   2780/3780 DEVELOPMENT NEEDS A24148
Keywords: A45455 

  CC: INSD .K/GARDNER  TYM .MFR  STD .N/MARSH  STD .P/NG  A/NEWMAN 
      INSD .R/LYNN  TUK .BRENTFORD  IOD .HQ 

           Tymshare International Division        IOD.HQ   Cupertino   VG1-A01

                                                  Tel. [-1] (408) 446-7846

DATE>      25 APR 83  08:48                       Telex 334489

TO>        Kevin Gardner (INSD.K/GARDNER)

COPIES>    M.Rude (TYM.MFR)
           N.Marsh (STD.N/MARSH)
           P.Ng (STD.P/NG)
           A.Newman (TXS.A/NEWMAN)
           R.Lynn (INSD.R/LYNN)
           A.Green (TUK.BRENTFORD)

FROM>      Peter Haas (IOD.HQ)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Kevin -
 
Attached please find a contribution from Anne Green indicating HSA
needs from Tymshare's U.K. affiliate.

Best regards,

- Peter  (IOD.HQ)
                                        |
                                        |
                                        |
                                        |
                                        V
.

                                                     [-44]
           Tymshare UK                  TUK.LONDON     (01) 379-7822

DATE>      18 APR 83  10:17                 BRENTFORD  (01) 568-4277

TO>        PETER HAAS (IOD.HQ)

COPIES>    KEN BE DELL (IOD.HQ)
           BOB BARBOUR (IOD.HQ)
           GREG MARUS (IOD.HQ)
           KEITH ROBERTS (TUK.LONDON)

FROM>      ANNE GREEN (TUK.BRENTFORD)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

PETER,  I HAVE DETAILED BELOW THE CURRENT CLIENTS WHO USE THE HSA
2780/3780 ON THE VARIANS AND WHO WOUULD NEED TO HAVE ACCESS TO THIS
CAPABILITY ON ANY ENGINE WE REPLACED THE VARIANS WITH.  WE ALSO HAVE A
DISTRIBUTED COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM (DCS-11) WHICH USES THE HSA
ON THE VARIANS.

CLIENTS                 TERMINAL EQUIPMENT              PRODUCT USED
-------                 ------------------              ------------

MARRIOTT HOTELS         DEC PDP 11/23                   DEC'S RDCP 2780/3780
THISTLE HOTELS          DEC PDP 11/23                         "
RESO HOTELS             DEC PDP 11/23                          "
CREST HOTELS            DEC PDP 11/23 (X2)                      "
                        VAX 11/750                             "
OTIS                    IBM 370                                VS3780
VULNAX                  TI 1100                
HITACHI                 IBM 43XX                               VS3780
PPL                     IBM 43XX                                  "

THESE CLIENT ARE ALL USING 2780 BISYNCHRONOUS ACCESS METHODS FOR 2 REASONS.

-  TRANSMITTING SIGNIFICANT VOLUMES OF DATA
                                                                Page  2

-  NEED FOR ERROR FREE TRANSMISSION

LET ME KNOW IF YOU NEED ANY MORE INFORMATION.

SEE YOU IN LONDON - LET ME KNOW IF YOU HAVE MANAGED TO RE-ARRANGE YOUR DAYS
(A27606).

REGARDS,  ANNE GREEN


- 22 -
Posted: April 27, 1983 19:21
To:   Adele
From: MCH:930
Re:   Phone Move

Yes, please arrange to get the key info together for the phone move.
Brian can help with the details and/or Lois and/or Vivian.  Neither
you nor I have the time right now to run around drawing maps or
looking at phones to read off the station numbers.  /Mike
- 23 -
Posted: April 28, 1983 09:18
To:   Lois
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   phones for move
- 26 -
Posted: April 29, 1983 19:49
To:   Adele
From: MCH:930
Re:   1Q Earnings

If you are interested, look at (mch)earn.1q.  /Mike
- 32 -
Posted: May 27, 1983 12:06
To:   carl
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele, mch
Re:   New SPOOL features

Just wanted to let you know that the new LOCATION command has come in
very handy on at least four recent occurrences to enable one SPOOL
location to print another's request.  The Post Office has been transferring
to locations that are still in the SPOOL map but are actually not presently
active printing locations.  As we get that mess cleaned up, at least the
customer has been able to get their requests processed.
-Lois

- 36 -
Posted: June 10, 1983 18:04
To:   carl, matoka, greg
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele
Re:   Status of 1051

At present (6:00 p.m. Friday June 10) the node has been reloaded, but
the network is reporting "host down".  I did not ask if the console for
the 2020 was "beeping" as in trying to resync with the node, as I did not
feel like trying to talk the operations center through the reboot.  I know
that is relatively simple but wasn't sure where Darren, etc had left them
all.

Necessary information that you need to reload the node is in (lois:930)
nd1051.mem--it also includes pertinent phone numbers.

They should be able to reboot the 2020 with just a BT to the KS10> prompt
and a carriage return to the BOOT:  prompt.

Let us hope we can get them up and happy on Monday.
-Lois

- 43 -
Posted: June 22, 1983 01:23
To:   adele
From: WRS:930
Re:   PAYROL.TYM

By the way, the culprit has been found (and he is me).
I'll be discussing this with Fred asap.
-Bill

- 44 -
Posted: June 22, 1983 14:08
To:   Adele, Bill, Ken
From: DWS:930
Re:   Thanks for being references ...

I'll be starting at Tolerant Systems on July 5.  Initially
responsible for a network debugger.  More to follow.

- 45 -
Posted: June 22, 1983 16:28
To:   darren, matoka
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele
Re:   TID field in SCNSER

Dennis Ernst reported that SCNSER has a four bit field for the TID rather
than the 5 bit field that is needed--result is that field shows 2400 baud,
which should be 10000, as 0000 which is an aux circuit, and things like
password which are picky about aux circuits will not work.
-Lois

- 46 -
Posted: June 23, 1983 06:57
To:   adele
From: WRS:930
Re:   SYSTAT [3,*]

This seems to no longer work.  Is this a bug in the new SYSTAT?
-Bill

(if it is, this is an ITSR)

- 47 -
Posted: June 23, 1983 23:05
To:   adele, lois, greg, darren
From: WRS:930
Re:   P034/L on 39

Now that the hardware has stabalized on 39, I'd like to try /L again.
I'll keep a close eye on it and make sure it gets backed up if there are
any problems.  What do you say?  -Bill

- 49 -
Posted: June 29, 1983 16:46
To:   adele
From: CARL:930
Re:   PERP



To:    Keith Curtis				CC: Adele Newman
       INSD.K/CURTIS				    TXS.A/NEWMAN

From:  Carl Baltrunas
       TXS.C/BALTRUNAS

Re:    PERP JOB problems, MEDQC & NJCL4

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Keith,

    After looking through the PERP logs for the jobs in question,
all of my research indicates that the reason your customer's PERP
job would not complete was that the HOST (System 5) broke the
circuit before the job was finished.  This could have been caused
by a few different things.  (1) The customer's program broke the
circuit, (2) the host system broke the circuit by going down, or
(3) the network broke the circuit.  PERP attempted to re-establish
the circuit to system 5, but the system was unavailable.  This
could have been caused by (1) the host system being DOWN, (2) the
host system out of jobs or ports, or (3) a network problem.

    There is no indication that the customer's PERP file was at
fault, or that any time limit was reached.  The job should be able
to be re-submitted and run to completion depending upon the
schedules of SYSTEM 5 (the execution system) and SYSTEM 8 (the
PERP controller for non-internal customers).  (SYSTEM 2 is used
for internal users).


					/Carl


- 50 -
Posted: July 1, 1983 03:16
To:   Lois, Adele, Carl
From: DARREN:930
Cc:   Zonnie
Re:   RANIER

Steve Sundquist will probably call us sometime this morning (Friday).
Zonnie has the support line, so I appraised him as to the state of
the problem. Even so, here is a synopsis of the situation.
  The DEC engineer and I were able to get the system part-way up by
patching out the line printer (going into DDT and patching NXDLPT
from 1 to 0).  He may be back in Friday to work on the line printer,
but maybe not.  We were able to bring the system to the point where
the operator sets license and runs RELOAD, except that the system
never comes back from the OPER program.
  Possible things to try include:  a) using SETE instead of OPER (in
case the OPER program is broken),  b) trying other commands like
DIRIT to see whether we might have another disk problem on our hands,
c) bringing the system up MANUAL, loading the node from the net, then
trying  a) or  b) or anything else that comes to mind.
  If the DEC engineer doesn't come back in Friday, they will need to
have SYSTEM.SAV patched to ignore the line printer (same as above) for
the time being.
  If anyone runs out of things to try, call me at home, since I will
probably need to come in Friday anyway.  G'night now.
						Darren

- 54 -
Posted: July 6, 1983 10:39
To:   Carl
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   Tops-20 Stream Scanner Proposal

I took a look at the stream scanner proposal.  It sounds very promising.
However, I need clarification on a couple of things.
  1.  Clue me in on the signficance of your reminder (1st paragraph).
  2.  Do you propose to read raw data into the relations on a routine
      basis, and keep the MAGNUM relations around for a while?  (That's the
      way I'm reading it.)

Anyway, what's needed at this point is a more detailed design which gets us
to the point where the schema and relations can be defined.  I think Vivian
could work on the templates for the stream record types if she has a clear
explanation of what she is doing and has supervision.

When we are both in this afternoon, let's talk briefly about what is on your
stack and how you feel about having this project and product list project
going simultaneously.

Before we get around to the schema and relations, the design should expand
to answer the following questions:
  1.  How will the sections of the scanner interact?
  2.  How will a user use it?  (To know this, you need to know what kind
      of information to keep and make available.)
  3.  Have a rough design of a report generator (probably an interactive one
      on the order of SCREAM.
Please be thinking about how long it will take you to get the design worked
out.

We can assume as an objective for now that we will have a scanning tool with
a simple report procedure.  This can be built upon.  So we are looking at
your phases 1-4 for the moment.

- 61 -
Posted: July 27, 1983 09:07
To:   TXS
From: ADELE:930
Re:   Division meetings

In the future, plan on a division meeting every month - on the fourth
Thursday of the month.		/Adele

- 65 -
Posted: August 9, 1983 00:03
To:   txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   New DDT

New DDT in
    (M33)EDDT
    (M33)FILDDT
    (M33)DDT
    (M33)FRMDDT
    (SYS)DDT
    (SYS)FILDDT
    (SYS)FRMDDT

New features include being callable by a program at CCL entry.
Also some bug fixes in EDDT allowing it to assemble.  -Bill

- 66 -
Posted: August 10, 1983 03:50
To:   txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   New MDDT in (M33)

The new MDDT version now on M33 uses the new naming convention of
F#####.SAV for FILDDT's, where ##### is the numeric part of the
monitor serial number extracted from M#####.  This eliminates
confusion with the old scheme when more than one version exists
with the same name.  Especially prevelent when a system is backed
up to another hardware and is running a monitor with the same name,
but with different symbols.  Please note that the new version will
attempt to create a FILDDT with the proper symbols if none exists.
This will invaribly fail on pre-/L monitors due to the lack of
license passing.  I suggest that you create the F#####.SAV file by
hand when necessary on /K or earlier monitors.  The procedure is
similar to before:
    R FILDDT
    Input file: (SYS)SYSTEM/S
    Input file: /X
    SAVE F#####
Comments and suggestions welcome (as if...)
-Bill

    - 1 -
Posted: August 10, 1983 16:42
To:   darren, wrs
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele
Re:   25 rebuild

Dallas rebuilt 25 last weekend from an all files.  The first tape took almost
an hour at 6250, subsequent tapes took as much as 2 hours each.  Tapes appeared
to be writing a very small amount at one time.  Any explanation?
-Lois

- 2 -
Posted: August 11, 1983 05:53
To:   Lois
From: DARREN:930
Cc:   Bill, Adele
Re:   D25 rebuild

I have just discovered that D25 has one directory (TYMNET) which contains
over 13,000 files.  This may have introduced additional overhead when
performing ENTERs on that directory. /D

- 3 -
Posted: August 11, 1983 12:50
To:   wrs
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele
Re:   Node numbers > 4000

Bill,
From what I can learn there are 12 bits allowed for the node number in
the stream accounting.  However the programs we have that read stream
accounting (SCAN and SCREAM) allow for node numbers < 4000.  There are
four nodes with numbers greater than 4000 coming up in Paris in September.
Do you see any potential problems with stream accounting?  (SPOOL is
unable to handle these numbers at present).
-Lois

- 4 -
Posted: August 11, 1983 17:24
To:   Lois, Carl, Hiatt, Tsucoop, Zonnie
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   OPER names/passwords

I received a message from SRA requesting us to change passwords on the
following usernames (since none have been changed for a while).
	LOIS
	ADELE	(yes... I've also been remiss)
	CARL
	HIATT
	SPOOLRM
	TSUCOOP
	ZONNIE
Please do so, and confirm with me when finished.  I promise I'll change
mine too.  Please could someone clue me in on use of SPOOLRM.

--Thanks very much, Adele

- 5 -
Posted: August 12, 1983 12:51
To:   carl, adele, wrs, darren
From: LOIS:930
Re:   Billing10 files on 55

To Adele, Bill, Carl and Darren:

Leonard Ricken of MIS came over to try and trace what happened yesterday.
On system 55 all files from directory BILLING10 disappeared some time
between 3 and 5 p.m.  They have had some other mysterious file deletions.
Any ideas on tracing?  I have read stream accounting for anyone logging
in as BILLING10 which was not helpful.  All ideas welcom.
-Lois

- 6 -
Posted: August 12, 1983 13:12
To:   adele, mch
From: LOIS:930
Re:   PEAK command on COEES machines

FYI Angela called this morning to report that the patch to the monitor which
inserted the verbs PEAK, PCOM and DCOM had COEES quite upset.  It turned out
that they have a lot command files that do PERFORM but specify it by PE--and
they were bombing out with an ambiguous command.  So PEAK was backed out from
the running monitors on 26 and 29 and the system.sav on those machines and
36.

- 7 -
Posted: August 12, 1983 16:43
To:   wrs, adele
From: LOIS:930
Re:   55 BILLING10 files

Our analysis was that an Operator had deleted the BILLING10 files by
mistake and didn't confess.  Operations evidently came to the same
conclusion (according to Leonard).
-Lois

- 8 -
Posted: August 15, 1983 08:26
To:   Ken
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   PEAK plans

Please put together a quick report on your plans for this week, and get
them to me this afternoon.  It can be a file on line.       /Thanks, Adele

- 9 -
Posted: August 15, 1983 15:52
To:   Ken
From: ADELE:930
Cc:   Adele
Re:   PEAK plans

Thanks for the rundown.  I have a few questions though.  Usually, when I
say "implement", I mean code & debug (ie. feature is complete).  Do you
mean that here?  Or do you mean coding?  What about next week's plans --
are the features to be coded or completed?  (My understanding as of last
week was that you were still working on the components needed to integrate
and compile a TOPS-20 version.)

I know we talked last week about what, in total, was left to do.  I should
have made notes.  Could you include with your report on this week, a summary
of what is left (ie.  features to code, integration, testing, documentation
update, etc.).

/Thanks very much, Adele

- 10 -
Posted: August 15, 1983 23:45
To:   Lois
From: WRS:930
Cc:   wrs, adele
Re:   BILLING10:55 (your message of 12-Aug-83 16:43)

Yes, that seems plausible to me.  GFD'ing to BILLING10 is part of
their daily duties, I can see them leaving a terminal in such a state
and having someone else come up to it.  It's possible the culprit
doesn't even know who he is.  (I've proven it possible, after all,
to delete files without knowing it)  Is this the same computer center
that tried to archive and delete (UFD) because it wasn't in the MUD?
-Bill

- 11 -
Posted: August 16, 1983 13:43
To:   darren
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele, lois
Re:   25 problem

Thanks for looking at the 25 crashes.  Jeff Oliveto said you spoke to him
about the cause.  I did call Tom Marconi and explain what had been
happening.  This delighted him as Jeff was the one that kept calling
Tom, very annoyed because 25 kept crashing under him.  One might think
Jeff might have suspected he was the cause, but that would probably be
expecting too much.

Probably would have been better if I had known you had called Jeff before
I called him, but maybe two phone calls made more of an impression.
-Lois

- 12 -
Posted: August 17, 1983 10:45
To:   darren, wrs, matoka
From: LOIS:930
Cc:   adele
Re:   23 error

Pat Knorr from Valley Forge reported that ERRCHK on 23 was again reporting
sense error 0900 which was being reported before the SA10 problems.  Then
they were checking sense light 0 for further information, but there is no
data now.

Does all this mean something to someone?  Any ideas as to why no data this
time?  They are all very nervous because of the two rebuilds recently on
23.
-Lois

- 13 -
Posted: August 20, 1983 14:38
To:   Carl
From: WRS:930
Cc:   Adele, Wrs
Re:   ALARM

Carl, please keep me posted on ALARM.  The username was validated about 5
years ago (maybe 6) by Randy Gobbel for keeping sources to his alarm program.
I used it a while back (no idea when but could find out) to record who's
hardwaire lines went where.  I gave up when I found out ISIS lied about
those things.  

Also, please keep Bob Martinez informed.  

-Bill

  ?S(