

From: LOIS
Date: JANUARY 6,1982 13:00
Adele,

Report on uncharged ROBLAN charges on 32 is as follows:
Report of unprocessed RCHARGE customer requests on System 32:

219 old records found.
Completion dates range from 05-JAN-81 to 30-OCT-81.

Total pages not charged: 111258
Total characters not charged: 44607080

  District   Count
  --------   -----

      92     219



From: DARREN
Date: JANUARY 8,1982 7:15
There are eight empty files on (M33:930) to be used as depositories for
information about the known types of infrequently-but-regularly occurring
crashes.  These are the file names, corresponding STOPCDs, number currently
outstanding/number processed in 1981:

	GIVPGK.MEM - SWAMP:GIVPGK+5	(3/7)
	SEAR15.MEM - SWAMP:SEAR15+1	(3/1)
	DEALM1.MEM - CORE1:DEALM1+4	(2/0)
	REMCHR.MEM - CORE1:REMCHR+4	(5/0)
	UPDUFD.MEM - FILUUO:UPDUFD+16	(3/0)
	REMV31.MEM - CORE1:REMV31+14	(2/0)
	REMV41.MEM - CORE1:REMV41+3	(3/1)
	
CLRACH.MEM - FILUUO:CLRACH+7	(3/3)

Bear in mind that we lose many unprocessed crashes due to blanket deletion
by Cupertino Operations, and that many of those had been left outstanding
because they were difficult to diagnose, i.e., of the types listed above.


From: DWS
Date: JANUARY 8,1982 12:02
Re: Stream Accounting Scanner
To: TYMCOM-X PEOPLE

(DWS)SCREAM on most 10's is the new stream accounting scanner.  It maps
file pages, and runs a bit faster than (MPL)SCAN, as well as providing
a few more options.  Let me know if you run into problems with it.
(Requires RF).	- DWS


From: DWS
Date: JANUARY 18,1982 18:25
(sys:930)ct6 is a hack to page through a text file one screen at a time.
Invoke it by ".ct6 <filename>".  It will print lines until it fills the
screen or runs into a formfeed or end-of-file.  If not end-of-file, it
will prompt with "-more?-".  Answer "n" or ^c to stop.  Control characters
are filtered to a reasonable form.  Complaints to me.


From: DWS
Date: JANUARY 19,1982 17:45
Re:  How to crash :930
To:  Tymcom-X People

	.systat
	.core 5

Please don't try it -- take my word.  The last 2 crashes on :930 are
due to this.


From: LOIS
Date: JANUARY 20,1982 14:59
Adele,
Latest in the Boston problem:  it turned out that their Magnum Spool commands
file had Node=1040.  That explained why it was defaulting to center.

But, Chapter 2, changing it to node=2377 they got an error message
(from Magnum?) #586 INVALID OBJECT.  Perhaps magnum speals another, and so the world turns.
/Lois


From: CARL
Date: FEBRUARY 8,1982 17:56
To: Bill, Adele, Mike, Sherman
    Lois, Dave, Tim, Todd, Darren

(SYS)NEWRPG now has the /CASE switch for for passing /K to FILCOM to
specify ignoring case differences while comparing.  THis will be moved
to (SYS)RPG on 930,118 tomorrow and will be transmitted next Tuesday
if no problems arise.  This is the segmented RPG which has been running
on 930 for 2-3 weeks now without problem.
/Carl.


From: WRS
Date: FEBRUARY 15,1982 23:03
New version of (PUB)UNDER has 2 new switches:
  /P or /E  do real boldface by printing twice slightly out of register
	/P is for 10 cpi and /E is for 12 cpi on Diablo only
  /S        do shadow print by printing alot out of register on Diablo only
-Bill


From: CARL
Date: FEBRUARY 16,1982 22:40
Bill, Adele,
  PCOM documentation and program are **complete** as per the
  current list of things requested.

  The program still lacks some smarts about filenames, and KEN
  suggested that we have it default extensions for both input
  and output files if none are given (would be nice - not done).

  The documentation doesn't say anything about ###PCO.TMP yet.
  I'd like to leave that out until the next release.

It's on (SYS)PCOM.SHR/LOW on :930.

-Carl.


From: CARL
Date: FEBRUARY 16,1982 22:47
To: MCH,SDANIELS,ADELE,LENKOV,DARREN,TODD,WRS,TJB,CARL,LOIS,DWS,KEN,SGAVETTE

Re: PCOM version 0.1  on (SYS:930)

In case you hadn't heard, there is a *NEW* and *improved* version of
the PCOM program on (SYS:930).  This new version has *DOCUMENTATION*
which can be found in (CARL:930)PCOM.DOC for the time being.

New features include switches /MAIL and /LOG:arg and new commands
:mail, :nomail and :log arg.  Please read the documentation and convert
your COM files.  I'd like a week of "good" testing before it gets
released to the world.  We could give it to COEES to test if you'd
like...but I'd prefer to have us test it furst for overlooked things.
/Carl.


From: DWS
Date: FEBRUARY 23,1982 16:20
Re: Command files for SCREAM
To: Tymcom-X people

(DWS)SCREAM now knows about command files.  The command file should
contain all the the stuff that you'd ordinarily type to SCREAM.  To
indicate a command file, type:

	.RUN (DWS)SCREAM;cmdfil.ext

Enjoy.


From: CARL
Date: FEBRUARY 25,1982 3:28
Adele,
  Le Voila!

I have found the long lost Tito problem.  A more lengthy dissertation
of the clues leading to it's discovery and the implied solution can
be perused in (CARL:930)TITO.MSG.

Simply stated, "USETI FIL,(R1)" doesn't work for files with more than
18 bits of block addressability.  Roughly 262,144 blocks or 65,536 of
our pages.  Thus, a file 65,536 pages larger than a single reel of
tape can hold, will loop forever with "really" out-of-order data.

Solution: Convert Tito to use CHANIO's instead of USETI/USETO's.  More
research is necessary to ascertain whether any other i/o calls need be
changed to CHANIO's.

/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: MARCH 7,1982 10:13
To: Tymcom-X Section

I re-assembled DEC's DIRECT program and modified it to print protections,
dates, checksums and file sizes as per Tymcom-X.  Loading with the SCAN
and WILD from SLIGOS, it appears to work for all "general" purposes.  It
doesn't do nice "date" sorting that DIRIT does, but... it does do other
things.   Next time I make changes to it, I'll have it "only" type user
names for output unless it can't find one.  

Currently, it accepts usernames on input, and will type them back at you,
but if you use PPN's it will type PPN's.

One useful purpose for DIRECT over DIRIT, is that it will now print out
checksums and at the same time provide FNDFIL capability as well as most
of the DIRIT capability.
/Carl.
(See me if you need assistance).


From: WRS
Date: MARCH 9,1982 21:50
We should talk about having Carl do his 1000 benchmark on pre/post VMOVPG
monitor on some KL (like 33) that is if you are still looking for something
for him to do.  -Bill


From: DARREN
Date: MARCH 16,1982 1:28
Re: SNARL
Since I am not certain that I will be able to attend the SNARL meeting
Tues. (or at least not all of it), I would like to raise the two points
that most concerned me after reading the spec:
	1. Although I realize that SNARL is potentially a much more
	useful utility
 than TITO, the document is not clear about what
	the specific improvements are over TITO.
	2. Although SNARL appears to be of great use as a TITO replace-
	ment, I don't see how it will serve as a general-purpose archival
	system, at least in the sense that I am accustomed to classify
	archival systems.
Hopefully I'll be able to talk to you about these points before the
meeting. /D


From: KEN
Date: MARCH 16,1982 11:17
Adele,

My comments about the SNARL/DSNARL specs are mainly questions about
what is said in the documents.  Some also have to do with desired
capabilities, it is true.  So here's the list:

	1)	Do SNARL/DSNARL read SWITCH.INI?  It seems some of the
		mode switches could be set up once-only there for the
		convenience of the frequent user.

	2)	I had already mentioned to you tape-to-tape transfers.
		I don't really know if this is a practical request, but
		it seemed someone might need it.

	3)	Does GET restore to the logged-in or gfd'd directory?

	4)	The term "TID" used throughout clearly is a number to
		be encoded on the tape, but is there not a "TID" which
		refers to a Terminal Identifier?

	5)	Should DSKREP be called FILREP since the output file is
		referred to as a "file", cf "Change Output File (COF)".


	6)	Lacking a sort option controlling the order in which
		STORE puts things on tape, or probably in addition to
		it, how about a sort option on the DIRECTORY command?

	7)	Can you combine the AFTER and BEFORE clauses of the STORE
		& RETRIEVE commands to bracket a time period?

	8)	Does UNLOAD do a REWIND?

	9)	Where do GRIPES go?

	10)	Would it not be desirbale to allow UNTRANSLATE [user
		substitution list] to remove a specific translation
		from a potentially lengthy set of them?

	11)	What is "keyboard interrupt time?" as mentioned in
		section 3.9.7?

	12)	Is the format "[PPN]filename.ext" not inconsistent with
		DEC/Tymcom standard nomenclature?  I thought this was
		supposed to be "filename.ext[PPN]".

	13)	A PUB question, really:  Can the page heading or
		footing be made to contain the section number of the
		(beginning/ending) content of the page?  References
		between sections would be a lot easier to chase down.

That's all.

/ken


From: KEN
Date: MARCH 16,1982 11:20
I lied.  Regarding DSNARL:  Terminal tyould be picked up from the 
monitor, when possible.  Also, how does the LOG command interact with HP
display mode?

This time for sure.

/ken


From: TODD
Date: MARCH 16,1982 13:07
Regarding the SNARL document, I have a question about Sec. 3.5.5.
You mention that SNARL will conquer the problem of system rebuilds
inadvertantly restoring deleted files.  I don't believe that this
is true.  There is no way for SNARL to know that a file was
deleted as opposed to not changed unless the monitor is modified
to keep a list of deleted files (somehow) that is readable
by SNARL.  /Todd


From: ADELE
Date: MARCH 16,1982 13:24
Yes - you are correct.  What I was originally thinking about (but it didn't
all get into the document) is that to fix the problem, SNARL must save UFD's
in some fashion.  The UFD's must be restored from the latest incremental
(daily backup) tape.  Thereafter, operating with the "disk" or "newest"
switches will have the desired effect.

--Thanks, Adele


From: CARL
Date: MARCH 23,1982 0:38
: Adele, Lois, Mike, Bill, Sherman
Re: Suggestion -- (I'm requesting feedback)

I have found that from time to time, I spend as much (at least?) time
as an hour or three a week doing "operations" kind of work in our lab.
For example:  Unjamming the printer
 on 118, reloading systems and the
micro-nodes "manually" (as in "not" using TAKEIT for systems).  I am
usually faced with deciding where that time should be accounted for.

I'm suggesting another "overhead" category for MTS called "operations"
so that we can account for that time, and I think it will help managers
know how much of our time is ?"squandered"? doing those things.  At
present, "lost time" and "equipment down" don't really cover that kind
of thing.

Do you agree? or disagree?
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 5,1982 20:33
Re: TAPE status

1. The program appears to spend the majority of it's time, at least
   when block-io is used, at that initial 2-minute wait, and the
   monitor must buffer the block-io input for the job quite nicely.

2. The receipt of character interrupt does not seem to matter for
   block-io input, and thus the HIBER doesn't return until after the
   timeout.
       This can be changed to not bother waiting if the timeout is
       not being used.  Thus, it will only wait when the timeout is
       requested.

3. The timeout mode is "Image".  The non-timeout mode is "Binary".
   According to the YAMM, EOT's are ignored in Binary mode.  Thus,
   they do not signal end-of-transmission, and are considered as
   "normal" data.
       This is important, only in that the data written on the tape
       itself after the <EOT> is still pumped at the terminal and
       becomes thrown at the terminal as command input after the
       file is closed.  (This happens when a tape is written over
       with "new" data which is shorter than the old data.)  The
       way to prevent this is to be able to "turn off" the reader
       via program control, and to then read all the available data
       and throw it away, (or CLRBFI).

4. The use of "Image Binary" rather than "Binary" will then allow the
   <EOT> to signal end-of-transmission/end-of-block-io mode, howeve
r
   I believe that this still will not turn off the reader.  Any IDEAS
   to whether that is possible to do???  (I tried it in LOCAL... none
   of the ASCII characters seem to have any effect).

5. As a last resort, when the EOT is found, a message which says:
   "TURN OFF READER" could be typed and then it can gobble up all the
   input that it gets for a short while, and stop when it runs out.

5a. The recording (punch) mode "can" start the punch by sending a DC1
   code (^Q)... but again, that is not a problem at present.

I am still awaiting an answer from Todd or someone about block-io. It
may be a monitor feature, but I'm not sure where to look for it, since
SCNSER is a little be large.

/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 8,1982 22:15
To: Adele, Bill

I found the RPG problem which was mentioned at the section/os meeting
today.  The problem is that RPG (at least in two places) expects to
find  a zero word at the end of the RPGINI list.  It assumes that it
is there, although it doesn't appear to insure that condition anywhere.
Apparently only 1 zero word is necessary, however I have not yet found
where rpg "mis-calculates" the necessary amount.  It may be that we
have been extremely "lucky" that it always diddles the INI list at the
end of available core and depends on 
finding locations past JOBFF set
to zero.
  When you do a SETPROC, (possibly other SET commands also) it builds
the new list at (JOBFF), then it goes and looks for the old list.  It
deletes it, then checks again to make sure there was only one.  This is
when it dies... it finds garbage just after the end of the original list
and go <bang> "ill mem ref".
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 9,1982 0:26
To: Bill, Adele

(SYS:930)NEWRPG.SHR  version 150.0, sources on (CARL:930) now puts
a zero word in memory after reading your RPG.TMP file and no longer
will die if you have the "exact" number of words in your TMP file.
/Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: APRIL 9,1982 11:57
When I set up my init file to user (sys)newrpg.shr, I was dead in the water
after the init file ran.  The message I received when trying to do anything
was:		(SYS)NEWRPG.SHR NOT FOUND

What do you suppose is the trouble?

--Adele


From: WRS
Date: APRIL 9,1982 14:27
New SETTRM.SAI in (MPL) should "work around" RPG's ILL MEM REF problem.
Between this and Carl's new RPG, you may never see it again.  -Bill


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 9,1982 19:41
To: Tim
Cc: Bill, Adele

The RPG change that I suggested appears to "NOT" be as straight-forward
as I had outlined.  (So what else is new?)  To do it that way would
involve adding yet another "CROCK" to RPG, and I steadfast refuse to
do that. (Although, it would only take an hour or so to do it that way.)
Further investigation is necessary, and I will let you all know when I
have decided how it will be done.
/Carl.
(If it will be done.)


From: WRS
Date: APRIL 10,1982 22:56
Adele,Carl: That solution to PCOM job capacity problem sounds okay.
It already does a USERERR when it can't create a frame.  You could
just change that to a loop.  The new sail does AUXCAL's for OUTSTR and
PRINT so they won't block if the job is detached.  Let me know what
you and Adele decide and how long you think it'll take.  -Bill
(PS - this is an official COEES bug report, Mike and I have a copy
in case you want it for your records) 


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 11,1982 14:36
Re: Mail from Bill about PCOM
 I sent the following message to Bill:

Date: APRIL 10,1982 22:08
Re: Solution to PCOM "job capacity exceeded" problem

Let the PCOM frame (detached or not detached) print a message
    to it's command port if the CREFRM uuo fails.  We can chec
k
    that condition.
Wait until the CREFRM uuo succeeds, either by sleeping for awhile
    then re-trying, or whatever other method you prefer.

Thus, if a user runs it /NODETACH he can <esc?/^C out of it, and
    otherwise, it is pretty obvious that it hasn't completed yet
    if the PCOM job is "SL"eeping and mail hasn't been received.

======================================

Send me mail (CC to Adele) and I'll look at fixing that.  Also the
    nnnPCO.TMP vs TMP:PCO problem which Sherman would like fixed.
/Carl.


I also replied to his message, saying that I didn't have any estimate
for how long to fix either problem.  The first is fairly easy, but the
TMPCOR problem is not quite so straightforward.
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 12,1982 2:31
To: Bill, Adele
Re: Last weekend's fun project

Please take a look at (CARL)PARCOM.SHR on 930.
It has amazing similarities to PCOM, but with a lot extra.

No! I haven't solved the "CREFRM" or "TMPCOR" problems with
the original PCOM (yet), but I'd like your comments, i
f not
your approval on what I've added.

Enough Suspense.  Try it.  Try /NEWS or look closely at /HELP.

-Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 13,1982 1:27
To: Bill, Adele
I'd like to get both of you together for a short meeting to discuss
the changes I've made to PCOM/PARCOM and finish up what I've started.

/Carl.


From: WRS
Date: APRIL 13,1982 17:20
Carl (CC Adele):
Todd put CLSDMP bit 200 in CLOSE so it will set dumped bit.  Now TITO
doesn't have to do RENAME's and won't screw files.  Please update TITO.
Thanks -Bill  (don't forget to make the transmittal dependent on /L)


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 13,1982 23:59
To: Bill, Adele, Scott, Ken, Lois, Dmitry, Dave, Tim
Re: Proposed parameter scheme for PCOM

The file (CARL)PCOM.PAR contains a description of the proposed
parameter substitution scheme which I am planning to implement
in the PCOM program to be released to COEES until our future
PERP implementation is done.

Please take a moment or two to peruse the description and let me
know what you think of it.  It is not meant to satisfy everyone,
but to be useable.
/Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: APRIL 14,1982 7:46
Let's meet with Carl regarding PCOM late this afternoon if possible.  (I'll
have to play by ear -- must meet with Steve & lawyers early this afternoon.
I should be back after that.)

--Adele


From: ADELE
Date: APRIL 14,1982 7:51
Let's meet with Carl regarding PCOM late this afternoon if possible.  I have
an early afternoon appointment but should be back after that.

--Adele
I asked Bill (by mail) if he could get together late this afternoon to talk
about PCOM provided I get back from my appointment.  It would be OK with me
for the two of you to talk as long as I get word of any decisions.

--Adele


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 14,1982 18:50
To: Parameters discussion list
Re: (CARL)PCOM.PAR

I've updated my proposal for those of you who have gotten to
read it already.  The major change was to eliminate the /PARAMETERS
switch in lieu of allowing the user to simply specify the parameters.
a la:
    .PCOM (USER)FILE par1,par2,...,parN : name=par,name=par /switches
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 15,1982 13:24
Adele,
  I hope that you had a pleasant evening last night (Wednesday).
As you may have noticed, I wasn't in this morning.  I slept in, catching
up on some missed "sleep".  I will try to catch "BILL" and get his
reccommendations on the PCOM transmittal: (whether to wait a day or two,
plus user testing time, or to transmit the original copy with the
two or three fixes requested).  Unfortunately, the fixes were added
afterwards and will have to be re-installed, but Bill and I can discuss
that.
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 16,1982 4:40
To: TYMCOM-X group.

*** Please cast your votes ***

Please read and edit the file (CARL)VOTES to comment and suggest
monitor command names to run the PCOM program.  Two names are being
sought.  One for normal /DETACH mode and the other for /NODETACH
mode.  The top contenders so far are "PCOM" and "TAKE".  Please
voice your agreement, disagreement, suggestions, etc in the above
file.   The decision will be made by Monday afternoon when the
then current stable version of PCOM will be transmitted.

/Carl.


From: DWS
Date: APRIL 21,1982 19:09
Re:  ftDED 0.31 - split screen stuff

New commands are:

	^X2	split the screen
	^X1	remove the other window
	^X^G	grow this window by a line
	^X^O	move to the other window

It all seems to work (really!).  If you notice anything funny, however,
let me know ASAP, or be prepared to replicate it.     /DWS


From: DWS
Date: APRIL 22,1982 10:32
Re: Another command in ftDED v0.31

^X^T  prints the current date/time in the message line


From: DWS
Date: APRIL 22,1982 11:17
Re: growing a window in ftDED v0.31

It was pointed out that ^X^G used to mean 'cancel the ^X', and was
thus a bad choice of a binding.  Henceforth, the command to grow
a window is ^XG (or ^Xg).


From: DWS
Date: APRIL 22,1982 12:00
Re:  ftDED 0.32
Searches should be about 30% faster.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 23,1982 6:05
I sent mail to calstate & tsucoop (I believe that Julie isn't here on
Fridays), asking that she talk to me before she does the next 930
ALL FILES, since I don't want the tapes from last OCT-NOV-DEC period
to be overwritten until this ONCE thing is resolved.  They are the
sets 
which cover the period of time when I was finishing up the ONCE
testing & the original /K transmittal.
  If she is supposed to do an ALL FILES store this weekend, it would
be ideal for her to use "NEW" tapes rather than tapes from OCT-DEC.
(It also wouldn't be useful to overwrite first-quarter 82 either...).
Do you know what arrangements need to be made for this?

(Gee aren't I good for a lot of questions?)
/Carl.


From: LOIS
Date: APRIL 23,1982 17:21
To Mike, Adele, Bill, Todd and Darren:

Information re SPRINT:

You must make calls from a touch tone phone!  Can make calls from any
exchange using the correct code for the area.

Valley Forge is in their service list.

Charges are $10 per month code fee plus $25 month minumum phone charges.
Rates are approximately 25 - 35% cheaper than Bell (depending on time of day).

Susan Metcalf (415)697-1545 will send us information packet.

Do we have some estimate of the "usual" monthly long distance phone charges
that this service would replace?

-Lois



From: CARL
Date: APRIL 23,1982 20:52
Adele,
  As I do intend to do some work this weekend, I will probably
finish up the PCOM stuff.  It has parameters installed, it has
the job capacity exceeded fix installed, it has the TMPCOR read
fix installed.   I am half-way through installing better switch
control which is the last thing I intend to do for now.

  A future enhancement which should go into the next version
should be to do "better logging" so that if the system goes down
the "entire" log file isn't lost, and possibly to have it read
SWITCH.INI for default switches.  Bill knows about these, and
we agree that they need not go into this version.

/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 26,1982 3:47
To: Adele
CC: Bill, Lois, Mike

Just a reminder...
  I may not be in at all today, or late afternoon at best.  I a court
appointment this afternoon and do not know how long that ordeal will
take.  If anyone needs me for anything, send mail && I will get to it
as soon as possible.
/Carl.


From: DWS
Date: APRIL 26,1982 17:10
Re: ftDED v0.33
You can now control the behaviour of long lines.  The environment
variable 'WRAP', when nonzero (the default case), causes long lines
to wrap.  When zero, long lines will march off the screen a la VUE.


From: ADELE
Date: APRIL 26,1982 21:11
Mike said he would take care of getting keys to VG3 & the room where 675 is.
They are tightly controlled.  Probably, we will have keys for managers; when
I get mine, I'll arrange to leave them in a place where the group can get at
them when needed.

--Adele


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 26,1982 21:16
I realize that keys are tightly controlled, but I'd like to voice that
if only a few people have keys, then the situation becomes "LESS" secure
since the keys end up getting left somewhere "accessable" to those who
need to use them, and hence also to those who don't need to use

From: ADELE
Date: APRIL 26,1982 21:21
	If, in order to get keys for the group, only a small request is likely
to be granted easily, then such a request is far preferable to a lot of delays
and extra work.  The idea is to get access for those who need it legitimately.
Although I have not talked directly to the "keeper of the keys", I believe
that Mike has judged the most expedient method of getting our needs met.

-Adele


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 26,1982 21:16
 them.

I can live with whatever is done, but it is a "hassle" as far as I'm
concerned.  I have more access to CUPC machines than I will for a lab
machine and that is inane as well as ridiculous!
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 26,1982 21:28
I'm not trying to push the issue.  I just wanted to voice my complaint.
(If I wanted to push the issue, there is a lot more that I could say.)
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 27,1982 9:17
Adele,
  Re: Update on PCOM

While I'm blocked waiting for listings and other things concerning
the KS ONCDSK problem, I have done some finishing on PCOM.  It is
all but ready for preliminary release.  I have a few consistency
checks to make and some final changes to make for the command names
and the quote-escape-to-parameter-unquote character.  The latter two
changes are already "in" the source with arbitrary values which work
already.  They just need to be finalized.

/Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: APRIL 27,1982 10:33
Please call or find me this afternoon regarding PCOM.  I'd like to get clear
on whether we will "advertise" the parameter features - this will dictate what
documentation will be necessary for release.

-Thanks, Adele


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 30,1982 18:23
To: Bill, Adele
TITO has been fixed and tested.  The new version exhibits the same
behavior in keeping license as does the previous version 15.13.

The new version is 16.1 & the transmittal is on your (adele's) desk.
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 30,1982 19:00
To: Bill, Adele

Are we going to discuss PCOM?
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 30,1982 20:27
To: Adele, Bill
Re: PCOM

Documentation is in (CARL)PCOM.DOC on 930.  Also on your desks.

Also, I noticed that if a user uses an "UNKNOWN" or "ILLEGAL"
command, then PCOM just merrily goes on it's way and doesn't
tell the user.  (Ken found this one for me, by using a command
which I removed and complaining that it wasn't working.)

Well, I understand that PCOM was an interim PERP program for
COEES so that they could plop their PERP files through PCOM.
My question is... Is it reasonable to have PCOM complain to
the user "ILLEGAL COMMAND" or some such when an unknown command
is encountered.  I talked to Mike, and he'd like to have us
make a decision and then (if we decide to put in the messages)
pass it by COEES as a memo, before we release it to SYS.
/carl.


From: CARL
Date: MAY 1,1982 20:00
Re: MAIL & PCOM
PCOM lets you turn off the mail to your mailbox... however, sometimes
we forget to tell it that.  For those who munch their mailboxes the
following will remove PCOM mail.

R MAIL<cr>
FIND processed:<cr>
T<cr>                           -- to verify that it's only PCOM mail
PURGE<cr>
Y<cr>
Q<cr>

This message should not be deleted since the magic word ...... happens
to break across a packet boundary.  (Like MAGIC!)
/Carl.


From: WRS
Date: MAY 5,1982 14:56
Carl says the REFRESH problem exists for KLs as well, and he says he has a patch.
Be prepared for some calls.  I think all we need to do if they need to refresh
is to tell them to use a J monitor.  -Bill


From: WRS
Date: MAY 6,1982 2:52
Adele, Mike:  In the process of looking in to a monitor bug tickled by
PCOM, Dave and I had cause to look at some of the code in Carl's new
PCOM.  Dave's remark was "...eats shit...".  I'll simply say that I
am appalled.  Having seen this much (only a small part), it is clear 
that not only the spec, but the code itself, needs to be reviewed
before release.  I won't say anything more until after I've looked at
it further, just wanted you to have some warning.  -Bill


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 6,1982 10:42
To:  Bill
Copy:  Mike
Re:  PCOM
	I've considered your thoughts about PCOM and will read some
code today myself.  I'm strongly considering insisting upon going back
to PCOM as it existed before the parameter stuff was put in and getting
the bug fixes merged into that.  But I'm willing to be talked out of it
based upon what I see and other arguments.
	If at all possible, can we meet to start that review today --
following the OSU meeting?  Perhaps the three of us (you, Mike, and me)
should all be involved.

--Thanks, Adele



From: CARL
Date: MAY 6,1982 21:59
To: Bill, Adele, Mike
Re: Security Loophole

Not super serious, but SPOOL does not check to see if the
OPER password file has been munched, thus a user could munch
the file and set status with spool (while inside spool).
The license is process-license, but could allow a user to
do things inside spool which he would not ordinarily be able
to do. /Carl.


From: CARL
Date: MAY 7,1982 1:09
Adele,
  The file (CARL:930)DSTRCT.MMO describes the usage of district codes
within SPOOL.  To make the changes to simply use zero or blank values
in the database and accounting files is trivial.  However, some minor
decisions such as what a user can see about a request and wh
o can bill
whom within districts and regions needs some discussion before I can
give a reasonable estimate of the time needed to make all the changes.

2 hours to edit and assemble SPOOL, and however long it takes LOIS to
test each type of spool request (such as when SPOOL is first installed)
is the total time required.   It is so easy to do that LOIS could do
all the work in that same amount of time, now that I've found all the
trouble points.

I need 15 minutes of your time to discuss what we want to do. /Carl.


From: CARL
Date: MAY 7,1982 20:35
Adele,
  re: (CARL)DSTRCT.MMO

This file has just grown a page longer.  page 2 contains district code
usage information for the LISTER program with a brief overview and then
some technical details for whomever gets to go into LISTER. /Carl


From: CARL
Date: MAY 8,1982 12:36
Re: (MPL)MARKER
  Asks for a file name which it types out, e.g. (M33)P034.MEM using
  filename.MKR on your AUN.  A carriage return defaults to (M33)P034.MEM
  for those of us who don't have SETTRM in our init files.  However, it
  is useful for any file which gets appended to.  /Carl.


From: CARL
Date: MAY 10,1982 13:54
Are we going to ever talk about PCOM?
cc: Adele, Bill


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 10,1982 16:10
We got a support line call from Tom Marconi -- OPER passwords not being
updated by (pj).  Do you have to turn that on?  Or can Ed Gauci do it?
(We can't call Ed at the moment anyway, since the Bubb Rd. buildings are
evacuated -- a nearby fire in Cupertino.

--Adele


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 10,1982 16:51
	There are a few things in "dstrct.mmo" I have questions about.
(1) SPOOL item B.1.  What do you mean by alternate node mapping?
(2) SPOOL item B.1.  What are N.B. nodes (alien term to me)?
(3) Please explain the mapping for nodes > 2560 without print locations.
    How does that work from a user as well as program point of view?

--Thanks, Adele


From: CARL
Date: MAY 10,1982 17:02
Re: DSTRCT.MMO

(2) N.B. --- nota bene  [Latin: MARK WELL]

(1)&(3) Spool has code which remaps node numbers which show a 0 print
        location to  node# minus octal '4000  if the node# is greater
        than octal '5000 (2560.).  It then, uses the new node# to see
        if it has a printer location... (depending upon the user's
        district # and Tymshare bit.

        I don't know anything more than what the code says.  I never
        heard of such a thing.

/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: MAY 11,1982 0:31
Re: Status update

  I. SPOOL nodes:  NODPRI's format is '4000 * 2 words long with
                   node mapping from 0-'3777 for each of customer
                   and internal nodes.  "ANYONE" can specify which
                   map to use, but if the internal node doesn't
                   have a printer assigned, you must be in district
                   0-9 for it to re-try the non-internal node for
                   a printer loc.

 II. COEES notes:  According to the stream records, all 5 COEES
                   sessions in question ran up charges while inside
                   one of COEES's programs: 1ESPLN or 1PCLN1.  It
                   is not reasonable to attempt explanation without
                   knowledge of the specified programs' internal
                   operation.   (Is COEES wasting our time again
                   merely to tell them that they have a programming
                   problem?)
/Carl.
See me for further details.


From: CTMKTG1
Date: MAY 11,1982 17:51
From: Eric Jay
To: Mike Hinckley
cc: Adele Newman, Bill Soley

In answer to your two ims memos: (MCH)@ej2203 and (mch)@ej2204,
please type the file (ctmktg1)@ej0511xx on system 8
thank you


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 11,1982 10:13
(1) Did you realize that you had the support line this morning and also
    an appointment with me?  I called you about 10AM - no answer.
(2) SPOOL node question:  Is "ANYONE" a switch of some sort which indicates
    the map to use?  Is the feature documented anywhere?

--Adele


From: CARL
Date: MAY 11,1982 10:26
Yes, I know that I have the support line ths morning.  I stayed up too
late reading, so I slept a little over.
No, I forgot about the appointment, however, I'm here 'somewhere'.

As per SPOOL, the way the code reads, when you say "NODE=nnnn", if you
want to use the internal nodes, then instead you say "NODE=nnnn +".


From: CARL
Date: MAY 11,1982 10:42
No, I don't see any documentation in the spool manual about the node= +
construct... but it is in the code, as I mentioned
/Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 11,1982 15:42
For the SPOOL and LISTER district code investigation, your analysis
needs to be channeled into a set of recommendations for becoming
independent of district codes.  It would be reasonable to add the
recommendations to the beginning of your document and follow that up
with the 
detail that you have already gathered.  It is worth explaining
several alternatives and indicating which one you would choose and why.

The following questions need to be answered:
  (1) Is there a reasonable substitute for the checks made on district
      now?  OPER license district perhaps?  Actual license? Something
      else?
  (2) Is there justification for changing the way information access
      and billing restrictions work in order to minimize or eliminate
      the district checks?
  (3) I need some clarification on what is magical about district 0 and
      district 2.  This, of course, is key to some of the solutions.

--Thanks, Adele

Sorry about the size of the last message -- I did want it in my log.  The
text of it is in (adele:930)spool.


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 12,1982 9:49
	Let's talk to Nick Taddeo.  Do you want to set up that meeting?  I'd
be happy to if the protocol seems right.   --Adele


From: CARL
Date: MAY 12,1982 10:25
Adele, Lois,
   I'm not feeling too well this morning, so I am going to work for
awhile at home.  If you want me for anything, feel free to call me
(415)-961-1082.  I have a rehearsal for the skating show at 4:30 this
afternoon, so I don't know if I will be in or not. /Ca
rl.


From: CARL
Date: MAY 12,1982 15:47
Adele, I just talked with Gary Mauldin about the new TAPE v 12.02, and
he will be arranging for the postal service to test it tomorrow.  He
mentioned that they were having another problem with transmission errors
with tape.. is there anything I can do to be of service... or have you
and Bill taken care of that. /Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 12,1982 16:28
The TAPE fire is out.  You should be aware of what it was.  TAPE must
have protection ALL RD RD rather than ALL RUN RUN.  This is because it
gets rid of its high segment when reading and gets it back later using
a GETSEG.  It is not able to do this when the protection isn't right.
You will notice my old transmittals specify ALL RD RD.  I have taken
care of getting the transmittal altered (Dave's original) - Gary Mauldin
is following through with that.  I've also sent an MHX job around to
fix the protection and asked Dave and Gary to follow up and make sure
nothing has been forgotten.  I'll make sure there is an ITSR on the
subject.

--Adele



From: ADELE
Date: MAY 12,1982 16:29
The TAPE fire is out.  You should be aware of what it was.  TAPE must
have protection ALL RD RD rather than ALL RUN RUN.  This is because it
gets rid of its high segment when reading and gets it back later using
a GETSEG.  It is not able to do this when the protection isn't rig
ht.
You will notice my old transmittals specify ALL RD RD.  I have taken
care of getting the transmittal altered (Dave's original) - Gary Mauldin
is following through with that.  I've also sent an MHX job around to
fix the protection and asked Dave and Gary to follow up and make sure
nothing has been forgotten.  I'll make sure there is an ITSR on the
subject.

--Adele



From: CARL
Date: MAY 13,1982 12:56
To: Bill, Adele, Scott, Dave
Due to recent harrassment from some individuals who shall remain
nameless, GFD has also been fixed to prevent letter bombs.
A new version of RPG has been made, but not installed until it
has been tested further.  If you want to test it and avoid future
letter bombs, do a SETRPG to (SYS)NEWRPG.  /Carl

LOGIN has not been changed. (Yet).


From: CARL
Date: MAY 13,1982 19:18
Adele,
  From some quick digging, thanks to Margaret pointing at the 1022
databases on system 70, I do have a little info for you.

1) there are no users in districts 4 thru 9.
2) District 0 is mainly OPS, Validations, SRA, and the like
   District 1 appears to be mainly MAI
L names on system 8, marketing
              communications and the like
   District 2 is mainly Accounting, Billing, Payroll and the like
   District 3 is mostly internal or development
/Carl.


From: WRS
Date: MAY 13,1982 20:14
Re: ^ characters, I think we have all jumped to conclusions a bit.  It
is not clear (to me) that we should allow control character to be 
included in messages at all.  Therefor there would be no need to do
any special processing in MAIL, POSTMAN, (SYS)MAIL, (WRS)MAIL, etc.
All that would need to be changed is SEND.  Can anyone convince me
otherwise?    -Bill


From: TYMSHELTER
Date: MAY 13,1982 22:04
MSG#: A20967, forwarded from ONTYME II


                               BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
                         BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
                    BBBBBBB                         BBBBBB
                BBBBB    Cupertino Town Meeting          BBBBB
             BBBBB         Nuclear War: What Can We Do?     BBBBB
           BBBB                                               BBBB
          BBB  The City of Cupertino invites you to an          BBB
         BBB  educational evening,  cosponsored by Physicians    BBB
        BBB  for Social Responsibility and People for Social      BBB
       BBB  Responsibility.                  
                      BBB
       BBB                                                         BBB
       BB   Where: Cupertino City Hall Council Chambers             BB
       BB    When: May 20th, 8 to 10 PM                             BB
        BBB                                                       BBB
          BBB        BBBBBBBBBB   B    B      BBBBBBBBBB        BBB
            BBBBBBBBB         B      B    B   B         BBBBBBBBB
                              B   B   B    B  B
                             BB B    B  B     BB
                            BB     B   B  B  B BB  
                           BB  B    B       B   BB
                         BBB     B       B       BBB
                       BBBB   B       B     B     BBBB

 The evening will include:             

   "The Last Epidemic" -- A film describing the awesome effects of 
    nuclear war and the dangerous steps being taken that make it
    more likely.

   Dr. Roger Kennedy, chief of the department of internal medicine
    at Kaiser Hospital, will speak and answer questions



From: LOIS
Date: MAY 17,1982 17:43
To Bill, Todd and Darren:

Copies to:  Adele and Carl

Should I generate new K monitors for all 2020's with Carl's patch?  If so,
what additional patches should I include?

Patches presently on all 10's are close.pat, chkabt.pat, relupt.pat, undel.pat,
newjer.pat and insoht.pat.
-Lois


From: CARL
Date: MAY 18,1982 16:00
Adele,
  I split (CARL)LICENSE.SAI into 2 files: LICENSE.SAI which is the
main program, and it requires LICSUB.REQ which declares and requires
two routines LICPRT(integer license) and LICRD(string licenses) from
"(CARL)LICSUB" as load!module.   /Carl.


From: CARL
Date: MAY 19,1982 18:29
To: Adele, Margaret
Re: BATCH requests for District 38 on systems 83 & 90.

Apparently, accounting records for these systems ARE being "lost"
for SLIGOS customers in district 38.  All other FRENCH customers
are being written into (FBATCH) for translation, while district 38
is only written into (SLIBATCH) on systems other than 83 & 90.  On
83 & 90 they are written directly into (*1BATCH), but no accounting
is done because it is assumed that the billing will be done on the
subsequent run of BATCH. (which is never done).
-Carl.

Accordin
g to memo's from Ken Be Del, 83 is to be treated like 90 as
far as french customers are concerned.  As such, I will check into
whether any accounting needs to be done, and whether SLIGOS would
like to collect revenues from BATCH.


From: LOIS
Date: MAY 21,1982 9:59
To Adele and Bill:

K monitors with patches are in (osp) for the following systems:
59, 169 (ma034k.sav), 170 (pb034k.sav), 184 (un034k.sav), 264 (pa034k.sav),
370 (fz034k.sav), 1051 (rb034k.sav) and TRW (tw034k.sav)

I did not build monitors for 118, 654, 675 and 819.
-Lois


From: CARL
Date: MAY 22,1982 2:14
On 930, PROP.DST in (CARL) has some written detail about what is necessary
to do for the district code elimination project.  The last item, the list 
of programs and what use they have of district codes is not completely
checked for accurracy, and the suggested attack plan has not been typed in
yet, but will follow.  Putting what is there in ENGLISH took awhile from
all the notes and pieces of paper I have.
/Carl.


From: DWS
Date: MAY 26,1982 15:41
Be forwarned...  Starting with version 0.40 (2 weeks from now) the
change from 'FTDED' to 'PEAK' will be complete.  This means that DED.INI
will have to be renamed PEAK.INI, and that (DWS)FTDED will become
(DWS)PEAK.  Be prepared to adjust acc
ordingly.   - Dave


From: SDANIELS
Date: MAY 29,1982 6:08
	Pretty NIFTY.  F3's can do all of DMOVxx's correctly, as well as
AOBJxx's.  If you (silly you) tested for F3's by AOBJN overflow, replace
it with a check for PUSH carrying into the left half. (ac:= 0,,-1  / PUSH
ac,0  /  now ac=1,,0 on KI/KL/KS and 2,,0 ont the F3).  LOGINN has been
changed.		-Scott
[for more details see (SDANIELS)MU327E.DOC}]


From: CARL
Date: MAY 29,1982 19:51
To: Anyone who may be reloading 930 or 934.
Re: Now running SDD's exotic microcode ver 327e.

Tape labeled "USE-ME" for /K15 or /K14 works ok.  However, if you
need to get to DDT for any reason -- it will go out to lunch.

Tape labeled "TRY-ME" has /K18 on it, which has DDT fixed.  If for
any reason you cannot continue to run /K18 or later monitor, then
microcode-tape labeled "USE-ME v325" should be used.  All monitors
will boot and DDT should work properly.

/Carl.


From: WRS
Date: MAY 30,1982 1:23
Carl is to be commended for handling system 24 problem.  He went in and
looked at the crash and found the problem.  He even recommended a fix.
All on his own without hassling anyone (that I know of).  I hope the
future environment around here is one that can encourage more of t
his
kind of growth.  -Bill


From: MCH
Date: MAY 30,1982 11:28
To:  Bill, Adele
Re:  Carl & Sys. 24

1.  Bill, did you say anything to Carl?  If not, please do.

2.  One weakness I see in myself is that I tend to be forgetful about
    saying "well done" often enough.  Don't know whether or not that
    applies to the two of you or not.  But we might encourage each other
    to do more of that.

3.  I agree that we want to continue to encourage people to grow and to
    take on responsibilities as they show themselves capable.  Everyone
    will come out ahead if we encourage people to grow!         /Mike

From: TSUCOOP
Date: MAY 30,1982 16:38
Date:30-MAY-82
To:  Adele
From:Julie

Adele,
    There were a lot of read and write errors during the allfiles today.
It appears that I will be able to get a complete backup, but I'm not sure
how useful it will be with this many errors.
    Julie.



From: ADELE
Date: MAY 31,1982 10:13
	I guess I didn't find out what went on with system 24, but Bill was
very pleased with your work.  Good show!       /Adele


From: CARL
Date: MAY 31,1982 15:16
Re: Support line schedule.
Tuesday is my court date...I am going to have to swap on the support-line
with someone.  I believe it is also not too good for margaret...possibly
just let it pass.. I will send mail to KEN and MARGARET to let them know
that I will not be covering it.  (I may cover about 2 hours of it, but not
all morning). /Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: MAY 31,1982 15:39
	I'll change the schedule and send out mail.  /Adele


From: WRS
Date: MAY 31,1982 23:40
If you'd change your ONTYME account password to something you don't mind
having put in a file, and then tell me what it is, I'll have your EMSAA
messages forwarded to you on 930.  -Bill


From: ADELE
Date: JUNE 2,1982 17:08
My "ontym" account is "std.a/gadol".  Password is "guess again".   --Adele


From: WRS
Date: JUNE 2,1982 21:00
EMSAA messages for STD.A/GADOL appended to file (ADELE)EMSAA.MSG:
A34624 TYM.WRS 02 JUN 82 20:39:19 


From: ADELE
Date: JUNE 3,1982 12:10
	 I would like to see your status report on SHC by tomorrow noon.
/Thanks, Adele


From: ADELE
Date: JUNE 3,1982 12:12
	I would like to see your activity summary for May by noon tomorrow.
/Thanks, Adele


From: KEN
Date: JUNE 3,1982 22:24
   Adele,

   The work left to be done on SHC are the development of two  commands and
   the  addition  of  Operator  Password  verification.   The  commands  in
   question are the "UNPROCESSED" and "PPR" commands, the latter  being the
   implied command which entering a PPR invokes.

   I  expect  that the  commands  will be  in  place by  Tuesday,  and that
   probably another day will be needed for the password stuff.

   It turned out  that Carl felt, and  I concurred, that interesting  as my
   project was, it was probably inappropriate for a coop student on her way
   out to get into the oper machanism, from the security point of view.  He
   has given  me a  copy of  the MACRO  module from  SPOOL that  deals with
   license, and I have listings of the relevant passages of TAKEIT, as well
   as the code from
 BCHARG, so I will go from there.

   Lois and I had a  really helpful exchange today about the  visual layout
   of the header portion of  the record being printed, deciding on  2 lines
   to express all the relevant information, and about what records from the
   PARCHG file should (and should not) be reported.

   The specification for SHC needs  to be revised to reflect the  new print
   formats, as well as  changes in question-answer protocols  brought about
   by expediencies of implementation, as  well as a re-thinking of  how the
   user will see the interaction.

   I'm not sure if you  heard, but Carl remembered that with  Sail compiles
   it is possible, with  some craft, to save  the state of the  compiler at
   arbitrary points,  so I have  managed to get  the time involved  in most
   compiles down from 15 minutes (on a loaded system) to 2 minutes  (on the
   same system).

   I hope this helps you.  Let me know if you have questions.

   /Ken
   

From: CARL
Date: JUNE 3,1982 23:49
FYI: I have already talked to Ron Saltgaver about usernames on BUBB-NET.
     A copy of the mail I sent him (in addition to my telephone conversation
     about this subject) resides in (CARL:930)EMSAA.MSG
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: JUNE 4,1982 13:35
I hope that you are feeling better.  Or will be soon.  You are still
invited to come over on Sunday for my party from 2-7 PM.

My report for may is in (CARL:36)RSCARL.MAY and believe it or not, it
fits on one page.

I will be giving WRS transmittals for RPG,GFD,LOGINN,PCOM today or on
Monday.  All have been up a week on 930, and should be ok to go to 33
next.  (Note: RPG got a bugfix for a customer on 23 yesterday, so the

urgency for that transmittal is high.  It's up on :23 now, and :33 as
soon as I copy it to SYS).
/Carl.


From: WRS
Date: JUNE 8,1982 13:22
You may now send and receive ONTYME-II (EMSAA) messages on 930.  To do
so, send me mail with the following:
  1. your ONTYME-II name(s)
  2. your ONTYME-II passwords (will be put in a file)
  3. the name of a file to send messages from (preferably EMSAA.SND)
  4. the name of a file to put messages in (preferably EMSAA.MSG)
Once an hour, a program will check and send you mail if it found any
messages for you.  If the file EMSAA.SND (or whatever you call it) is
not empty, its contents will be sent as messages.  The format to put
messages in EMSAA.SND is:
    <text of message A>
    :SEND name1A
    :SEND name2A
       ...
    :SEND nameNA
   
 <text of message B>
    :SEND name1B
    :SEND name2B
       ...
    :SEND nameNB
The file will be deleted after the messages are sent.  If you want a
copy, send one to yourself.


From: KEN
Date: JUNE 21,1982 18:31
Adele,

Do we have a key to the graphics room? They are locking it these days.

/Ken


From: CARL
Date: JUNE 24,1982 15:57
Re: The MEMO which Ken BeDell is going to send to CT-France & Sligos

DO you have any comments to make on it, or is it acceptable to you
for Ken to send it as it stands. /Carl.



From: CARL
Date: JUNE 25,1982 0:34
Re: Progress report.

Nothing NEW on PCOM.  I've been working on re-doing the switches so
that the new LOG switches "fit" as regular switches for the past 2
days without any headway.  I'm hung up on some SAIL macros.

The system variables, eg. $MAIL, $LOGGING, $SUBSTITUTION, and a few
otheres are implemented as procedure variable & they work.  A few
other things were done, but the details aren't necessary at this time.

The current version is not yet releaseable, but as soon as a stable
one is released, I will let everyone know & put it on (SYS:
930) for
testing. /Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: JUNE 25,1982 9:07
	There is a note about Ken BeDell's memo on your desk.  I need
clarification on section III -- otherwise, it looks OK.		/Adele


From: CARL
Date: JUNE 25,1982 17:32
Well,
  (MPL:930)LPQ now does the [sic] "right" thing to get your printout
printed over in VG-3 on system X54's printer.  However, at present it
will have "(LPQ)" as username until something else is done to pass
your username along with the file across gateways.
  -Carl.


From: CARL
Date: JUNE 27,1982 14:23
Adele,
  Ref: My review...

  I knew that there was a reason to get my review done early this
month!  I wanted to have everything done for July 1 when the new
rates for stock went into effect.  Something tells me that it;s not
going to make it unless we get it passed along rather quickly.
-Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: JUNE 28,1982 9:03
RE:  Your review
	I am working on it today.  Will get back with you ASAP.
/Adele


From: CARL
Date: JUNE 28,1982 23:24
To: Users of (CARL)WHEN.SAV

New feature added.  In addition to reading SWITCH.INI, (for a standard
list of names to look for), you may now specify just the one(s) you wish
to check on by typing them on the command line:

    .RUN (CARL)WHEN ; username-list

/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: JUNE 29,1982 0:26
Adele,
  I sent mail earlier (cancelled) saying that I wasn't content with
my wording of objective #1.  Due to interruptions, we did not get back
together to discuss my re-wording.

  There is YET another re-wording to be found in (CARL)COBJ.pub/doc
which I am much more content with.  Let me know what your comments are
and if you think maybe the order of 1a-b-c ought to change, eg. 1b-a-c.
(Also whether the section name/unit name need be specified, or if
 "the unit" or "the section" is appropriate.)
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: JUNE 29,1982 0:40
Adele,
  I have the support line this morning, but will need to run an
early morning errand (between 9:30 & 10:30) I will ask someone to
cover whilst I run my errand [absolutely must be done so that I
can get some prints back by tomorrow afternoon].  Otherwise, I shall
be in 
all morning if you have time open so that we can get together
to finish up the details on my review.
/Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: JUNE 30,1982 10:30
	I would like us to start some talking today, but I have a problem.
Most of the afternoon (except possibly late) is tied up.  I am available now.
If that's a problem, let's set aside the time for tomorrow morning.  Please
let me know.			/Thank, Adele


From: DWS
Date: JUNE 30,1982 10:38
How about tomorrow morning at 9:30?


From: ADELE
Date: JUNE 30,1982 10:39
	Sounds just fine.	/Adele


From: WRS
Date: JULY 1,1982 12:51
I fixed FRMDDT to recognize HALT$X as a special case so it won't destroy
the target frame's PC.  To continue, $P still doesn't work, so use ^T to
get the PC and then do pc$G.  Will fix $P when I get a listing.  -Bill
^d

From: CARL
Date: JULY 13,1982 0:35
To: Bill, Adele
Re: PCOM
  PCOM v 101.33 / 1.33  is ready for group testing.
  Everything we've discussed except Scott's HIBER code and the
  code for LOGFILENAME using ###'s is implemented.  I expect to
  have the ### stuff done by tuesday night if no problems crop up.

  As for Scott's HIBER code.  It doesn't seem to work.  PDL ov and
  other assorted messages appear.  I've sent Scott mail, but don't
  know how his time will interlock to solve the HIBER problem.

Please comment.
/Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: JULY 13,1982 9:30
	Bill and I would like to talk to you today about PCOM.  I asked him
if he would be free this morning; then I left last night without getting a
definite time commitment.  I'll call him in about an hour; maybe we can
arrange an early afternoon time instead.  Let me know how your schedule is.

/Adele


From: CARL
Date: JULY 13,1982 9:42
Ref: PCOM, I know.
Mike mentioned to me yesterday that he ^aasked you and bill to get together
with me on PCOM.  I will want to be *gone* by 2 or 3 this afternoon. If
you'd like, maybe we could plan a meeting at your place or bill's place.
(My place is even ok...), that is assuming early afternoon such as 2 is
reasonable.
  That's why you've gotten the MAIL updates on PCOM.  As of 5 minutes ago,
all that need doing is SCOTT's code & Documentation.  & testing of course.
/Carl.


From: ADELE
Date: JULY 13,1982 10:11
Meeting at 1:30 -- here are directions.  My address is 258 Pamela Dr., #55.
From Tymshare, take 280 to 85 North.  Get off at El Camino heading toward
Mt. View.  Take a left on Grant Rd.  Take your first right (it is a very
short block) onto Oak Ln.  Go to the end of that street and take a left
onto Pamela.  After rounding the curve, it is the second building on the
right.  My apt. is upstairs on the right.  See you at 1:30 sharp.

/Adele


From: CARL
Date: JULY 13,1982 18:44
Ref: Today's discussions
 1. PCOM, we still didn't set a date/deadline... 
 2. Vacation plans, seems more impending due to virtual cash surplus
    from Tymshare & returns from stock purchase plan. "Wheee!"
 3. Specifics on TOPS-20 accounting, so I don't spin wheels too much
    (ref: I once implemented phases of a machine accounting project at
     two of my previous positions, under TOPS-10, albeit not using the
     "new" usage files.)
/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: JULY 14,1982 14:00
Adele,
  I will be working at home today. (Wednesday).  I fell asleep last night
around 6:30pm and slept through to 2pm this afternoon.  Woke up and found
the sound on my clock-radio turned down and the radio turned off (sigh).
Feel free to call me if you need anything.  I'll be trying to reproduce
the PCOM problem reliably and will look into the PIP problem for COEES if
I make any headway on PCOM.
/Carl.


From: WRS
Date: JULY 14,1982 16:19
Mike, 
Adele and Carl and I met as scheduled on Tuesday to talk about bringing
PCOM to a close.  There is essentially no work remaining with the exception of
a serious bug which needs fixing.  The problem may be monitor related.  It
involves the loss of characters in both input and output.  It is difficult to
reproduce.  We have thus not reached a firm decision on a release date until
we can get a better handle on this problem.  More news as it breaks.  -Bill


From: MCH
Date: JULY 14,1982 18:12
To:  Bill, Adele
Re:  PCOM

OK, seems fair enough to wait to settle a PCOM release date in view of the
bug.  However, it IS IMPORTANT for the 3 of us to make sure that we don't
accidentally give Carl the go-ahead to do any additional work on what will
be the next PCOM r


From: WRS
Date: JULY 14,1982 18:14
The following ONTYME-II names are valid on EMSAA with password INITIAL:
TXS.CONSULT
TXS.C/BALTRUNAS    
TXS.T/BRENGLE 
TXS.T/CORENSON
TXS.S/DANIELS 
TXS.K/DAWSON  
TXS.M/HINCKLEY
TXS.L/LINDLEY 
TXS.G/MATOKA  
TX

From: MCH
Date: JULY 14,1982 18:12
elease.  Any new features, significant changes in
implementation of an existing feature, etc. need to wait for release-after-
next.  								/Mike

From: WRS
Date: JULY 14,1982 18:14
S.A/NEWMAN  
TXS.D/PRICE   
TXS.D/SMITH   
TXS.B/SOLEY   
TXS.C/WU 
(if you change the password, and you still want automatic collection,
tell me the new one)  -Bill


From: CARL
Date: JULY 19,1982 1:36
To: Adele, Bill
Re: PCOM Status

Uh,.. could one of you please lift the egg off my face.  I'm rather
embarrassed about this news:

Problem 1: Log file losing date.  Confirmed repeatability, however
           not reliably the exact same data missing each time.

In my
 fervor to decipher the logfile output of my PCOKWD file, the
nature of the test was forgotten.  Each and every pre-declared parameter
variable was set, cleared and reported as applicable.  Uh... at one
point, that is, $LOGGING was turned OFF!, and a few lines later it was
turned back ON!.   >Bright flash of light<  So, OF COURSE!, there were
a few lines missing from the logfile.

Problem 1a: Actually, $LOGGING is not "CLEAN" in the way it synchronizes
            with actual file data.  Thus, causing confusion!

Not investigated yet!.
Should I?  (Question for BILL)!

/Carl.


From: CARL
Date: JULY 20,1982 5:42
To: Bill,Adele
PCOM update. -- Interrupt code appears to be iun fine shape.  However,
there seem to be some problems getting certain interrupts... notably
Orange balls and Circuit zaps... MMaking ORG immediate, solved that,
but ZAP stioll has problems.  I'd like to discuss some of that (Bill).
All that needs doing now is fixing ZAP and making /APPEND actually
append (write starting next page) and verifying when to write/keep the
logfile based upon :LOGFILE, logfile= and /log:option.
/Carl.


From: LOIS
Date: JULY 26,1982 13:41
Adele:

I did a first try on a weekly report on Chia in chia.rpt.  Please let me
know what other information you would like--or any ideas on format, etc.
-Lois


From: CARL
Date: JULY 26,1982 22:35
PCOM is on 930: SYS as field-test unless bill decides he doesn't really
like my solution to the execute-only problem.  I will let you know the
status as soon as bill & i talk about it.  If he says go, then tomorrow
night, I'll put up the "production" version and also on :33 or wherever
we feel it would be good to test it.  Documentation will be forthcoming
tomorrow.  I'm going home!
-Carl.


From: LOIS
Date: JULY 28,1982 15:15
Adele:

Our sections shares in the paper ordered for the Spool Room.  In order to
get paper you take a cart down to the Spool Room, and they will unlock the
closet and give you what is needed.  As I understand the cost of the paper
for the spool room is divided between the Tech Division and the MIS anyway,
so they feel that some of that paper is rightly ours.

Did Dennis Ernst check in with you?  He told me that until Poole comes up
with some longer cables he cannot get 934 up.
-Lois


From: CARL
Date: SEPTEMBER 8,1982 21:38
I should have let you know sooner... but you probably noticed
  that I wasn't around today.  after my marathon <try to get
  everything ready for wednesday - x54 & fiche>, as I was trying
  to leave last night (Tuesday) I took a hotline call on system
  24 and spent 3 more hours there looking at that.  Then i came
  back and finished up the fiching for Scott.

I then went home & slept all day, didn't go to fremont.  I'll
call over to there & arrange for time with micrographics & maybe
with rick daniels if I can arrange it.

From my marathon... I
   - 1 -
Posted: September 24, 1982 15:27
To:   txs
From: KEN:930
Re:   COPY

The long-awaited version 14.0 of COPY is availible for testing.
It's additions include the ability to use date-switches (eg /TODAY)
to specify files, and the gateway switch for getting to foreign networks.
This version of COPY exists on (SPL), along with the documentation file
(COPY.DOC).  Please try it out, and let me know if there are any problems.

/Ken

- 2 -
Posted: September 25, 1982 02:22
To:   txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   TAUX under PCOM

In version P034/K36 and later of the monitor, and version 12 and later of TAUX,
you can include TAUX sessions inside PCOM jobs and it will behave correctly.
Older versions didn't handle yellow balls right so the job would hang for ever.
-Bill

- 3 -
Posted: September 27, 1982 15:12
To:   TXS
From: DWS:930
Re:   (SAILIB)DUL  (.req & .rel)

(SAILIB)DUL is a routine to map AUN's to user names by looking up
the AUN in the DUL.  The routine keeps a cache to minimize I/O.
It is currently used by SCREAM and SYSDPY, so has received some
fair amount of debugging.  See (SAILIB)DUL.REQ for more details.

- 4 -
Posted: September 27, 1982 15:56
To:   TXS
From: DWS:930
Re:   (SAILIB)BitOps  (.req & .rel)

BitOps is a package to routines to aid in dealing with bitmaps.
It allows the setting, clearing, and testing of arbitrary bits
in a structure.  See (SAILIB)BitOps.REQ for more information.

- 5 -
Posted: October 8, 1982 20:56
To:   txs
From: CARL:930
Re:   Reading commands from a command file - Sail subroutine

There is now a(nother?) sail subroutine, ** ATFILE ** which enables
the user to read commands from a file, one line at a time, just as
though they were being read from the terminal.  It can be used any
place that you now would use INCHWL, and handles "@filename" almost
invisibly to the user from hand enterred data.

See (SAILIB)ATFILE.DOC, .REQ, .SAI, .REL for more details.
-Carl

- 6 -
Posted: October 12, 1982 15:41
To:   TXS
From: DWS:930
Re:   (DWS)TURNUP - an option for REMIND/REMINI users

(DWS)TURNUP reads ()TURNUP.MSG and prints notices that have a date
matching or with 10 days of the current date.  The format for dates
is a bit restrictive, but somewhat simple.  Multiline messages are
fine.  Merely begin subsequent lines with whitespace.

Example TURNUP.MSG:

	1 Jan	Happy New Years!
	25 Dec	Merry Christmas
	31 Dec	It's time to make
		New years resolutions.

The format for dates may become more flexible in the future, but the
above will always work.

- 7 -
Posted: October 20, 1982 17:42
To:   txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   From: Cici Forward (forwarded message)

From: PAY.SUP:EMSAA
Re:   NEW PUBLIC FILE
Keywords: A25284 

DATE>      20 OCT 82  15:54
FROM>      CICI FORWARD, PAYROLL

THE PAYROLL DEPARTMENT HAS HAD A PUBLIC FILE CREATED THAT CONTAINS
LISTS OF ALL THE PAYTYPES USED IN PAYROLL AND OF ALL THE VOLUNTARY
DEDUCTION CODES.  THE NAMES OF THIS FILE IS *** PAYROLL.CODES.
PLEASE INFORM THE PEOPLE IN YOUR GROUP OF THIS FILE.  IT WILL BE
VERY BENEFICIAL IN DECIPHERING PAYCHECKS.

- 8 -
Posted: October 21, 1982 10:09
To:   txs
From: MCH:930
Re:   Payroll Codes

A copy of the file mentioned in Bill's message can be found in
(mch:930)pay.cod for now.  If you were ever curious about what
some of the numbers meant on your payroll stubs, this will help
to scratch that particular itch.			/Mike
- 9 -
Posted: October 30, 1982 18:01
To:   adele, scott
From: MCH:930
Cc:   Bill
Re:   TVEDIT Ciphering:  WARNING!

I've lost a couple of files now under the following circumstances:  I'll
have the file unCIPHERed, and go in with TVEDIT in /c mode and give a
key.  After that, I can't seem to get it back into clear text.  /Mike
- 10 -
Posted: October 30, 1982 18:14
To:   adele, scott
From: MCH:930
Cc:   bill
Re:   Addendum to Warning

Things DO work OK if you use (WRS)CIPHER and first encrypt the plaintext
file.  Then you can use the same KEY and /c mode.   /Mike
- 11 -
Posted: November 17, 1982 16:11
To:   Txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   Tymnet information available on 930

The following files are maintained current on 930 for your information:
(WRS)CORP.PD	- corporate phone directory
(WRS)TYMSAT.MEM - list of all public access numbers for Tymnet
(WRS)IRCLIS.MEM - list of all Tymnet hosts
(WRS)DTELIS.MEM - similar host list
These files are updated weekly by a peridoic PCOM job.  If you want to
see where they come from look at (WRS)WEEKLY.CTL.  If anyone feels like
it they should be added to INFO.  -Bill

- 12 -
Posted: November 17, 1982 16:13
To:   Txs
From: WRS:930
Re:   More info files...

Also...
(WRS)DEPT.PD - phone/location of various Tymshare depts

- 13 -
Posted: November 17, 1982 23:18
To:   txs
From: CARL:930
Re:   Useful subroutine for system-version

For anyone interested, I've put together a subroutine to return
the current monitor version in a comparable format:

  It returns:  Byte (9)  MAJOR, MINOR, REV, PATCH

where MAJOR is ^D034 from "P034", (^D032 at lockheed!)
      MINOR is the numeric equiv. of A-Z using 1-26, i.e. /K = 11
      REV   is the development revision #, a la /K21 = ^D21
      PATCH is the patch level, /K-7 = ^D7

Takes 2 arguments in AC1,AC2 and returns result in AC1.

See (CARL:36 or 930)GETVER.MAC/.REL for documentation.


- 14 -
Posted: December 6, 1982 13:23
To:   Adele, Mike, Todd
From: WRS:930
Re:   PASSWD.DOC update

(WRS:930)PASSWD.DOC now contains a sample call from F-IV to the
PASSWOrd }iprogram.  The new text is marked with |'s.  -Bill

 iY7P